
WHY SELF-COMPASSION?


DISCOVERING SELF-COMPASSION
This kind of compulsive concern with “I, me, and mine” isn’t the
same as loving ourselves . . . Loving ourselves points us to
capacities of resilience, compassion, and understanding within that
are simply part of being alive.
—SHARON SALZBERG, The Force of Kindness

IN THIS INCREDIBLY COMPETITIVE SOCIETY OF OURS, HOW MANY OF us truly feel
good about ourselves? It seems such a fleeting thing—feeling good—
especially as we need to feel special and above average to feel worthy.
Anything less seems like a failure. I remember once as a freshman in college,
after spending hours getting ready for a big party, I complained to my
boyfriend that my hair, makeup, and outfit were woefully inadequate. He
tried to reassure me by saying, “Don’t worry, you look fine.”
“Fine? Oh great, I always wanted to look fine . . .”
The desire to feel special is understandable. The problem is that by
definition, it’s impossible for everyone to be above average at the same time.
Although there are some ways in which we excel, there is always someone
smarter, prettier, more successful. How do we cope with this? Not very well.
To see ourselves positively, we tend to inflate our own egos and put others
down so that we can feel good in comparison. But this strategy comes at a
price—it holds us back from reaching our full potential in life.

Distorting Mirrors

If I have to feel better than you to feel good about myself, then how clearly
am I really going to see you, or myself for that matter? Let’s say I had a
stressful day at work and am grumpy and irritable with my husband when he
gets home later that evening (purely hypothetical, of course). If I’m highly
invested in having a positive self-image and don’t want to risk viewing
myself in a negative light, I’m going to slant my interpretation of what
transpires to make sure that any friction between us is seen as my husband’s
fault, not my own.
“GOOD, YOU’RE HOME. DID YOU PICK UP THE GROCERIES LIKE I
ASKED?”
“I JUST WALKED THOUGH THE DOOR, HOW ABOUT ‘NICE TO SEE YOU,
DEAR, HOW WAS YOUR DAY?’”
“WELL, IF you WEREN’T SO FORGETFUL, MAYBE I WOULDN’T HAVE
TO ALWAYS HOUND YOU.”
“AS A MATTER OF FACT, I DID PICK UP THE GROCERIES.”
“OH . . . WELL, UM . . . IT’S THE EXCEPTION THAT PROVES THE
RULE. I WISH YOU WEREN’T SO UNRELIABLE.”
Not exactly a recipe for happiness.
Why is it so hard to admit when we step out of line, are rude, or act
impatient? Because our ego feels so much better when we project our flaws
and shortcomings on to someone else. It’s your fault, not mine. Just think
about all the arguments and fights that grow out of this simple dynamic. Each
person blames the other for saying or doing something wrong, justifying their
own actions as if their life depended on it, while both know, in their heart of
hearts, that it takes two to tango. How much time do we waste like this?
Wouldn’t it be so much better if we could just fess up and play fair?
But change is easier said than done. It’s almost impossible to notice those
aspects of ourselves that cause problems relating to others, or that keep us
from reaching our full potential, if we can’t see ourselves clearly. How can
we grow if we can’t acknowledge our own weaknesses? We might
temporarily feel better about ourselves by ignoring our flaws, or by believing
our issues and difficulties are somebody else’s fault, but in the long run we
only harm ourselves by getting stuck in endless cycles of stagnation and
conflict.

The Costs of Self-Judgment
Continually feeding our need for positive self-evaluation is a bit like stuffing
ourselves with candy. We get a brief sugar high, then a crash. And right after
the crash comes a pendulum swing to despair as we realize that—however
much we’d like to—we can’t always blame our problems on someone else.
We can’t always feel special and above average. The result is often
devastating. We look in the mirror and don’t like what we see (both literally
and figuratively), and the shame starts to set in. Most of us are incredibly
hard on ourselves when we finally admit some flaw or shortcoming. “I’m not
good enough. I’m worthless.” It’s not surprising that we hide the truth from
ourselves when honesty is met with such harsh condemnation.
In areas where it is hard to fool ourselves—when comparing our weight
to those of magazine models, for instance, or our bank accounts to those of
the rich and successful—we cause ourselves incredible amounts of emotional
pain. We lose faith in ourselves, start doubting our potential, and become
hopeless. Of course, this sorry state just yields more self-condemnation for
being such a do-nothing loser, and down, down we go.
Even if we do manage to get our act together, the goalposts for what
counts as “good enough” seem always to remain frustratingly out of reach.
We must be smart and fit and fashionable and interesting and successful and
sexy. Oh, and spiritual, too. And no matter how well we do, someone else
always seems to be doing it better. The result of this line of thinking is
sobering: millions of people need to take pharmaceuticals every day just to
cope with daily life. Insecurity, anxiety, and depression are incredibly
common in our society, and much of this is due to self-judgment, to beating
ourselves up when we feel we aren’t winning in the game of life.

Another Way
So what’s the answer? To stop judging and evaluating ourselves altogether.
To stop trying to label ourselves as “good” or “bad” and simply accept
ourselves with an open heart. To treat ourselves with the same kindness,
caring, and compassion we would show to a good friend, or even a stranger
for that matter. Sadly, however, there’s almost no one whom we treat as

badly as ourselves.
When I first came across the idea of self-compassion, it changed my life
almost immediately. It was during my last year in the Human Development
doctoral program at the University of California at Berkeley, as I was putting
the finishing touches on my dissertation. I was going through a really difficult
time following the breakup of my first marriage, and I was full of shame and
self-loathing. I thought signing up for meditation classes at a local Buddhist
center might help. I had been interested in Eastern spirituality from the time I
was a small child, having been raised by an open-minded mother just outside
of Los Angeles. But I had never taken meditation seriously. I had also never
examined Buddhist philosophy, as my exposure to Eastern thought had been
more along California New Age lines. As part of my exploration, I read
Sharon Salzberg’s classic book Lovingkindness and was never the same
again.
I had known that Buddhists talk a lot about the importance of
compassion, but I had never considered that having compassion for yourself
might be as important as having compassion for others. From the Buddhist
point of view, you have to care about yourself before you can really care
about other people. If you are continually judging and criticizing yourself
while trying to be kind to others, you are drawing artificial boundaries and
distinctions that only lead to feelings of separation and isolation. This is the
opposite of oneness, interconnection, and universal love—the ultimate goal
of most spiritual paths, no matter which tradition.
I remember talking to my new fiancé, Rupert, who joined me for the
weekly Buddhist group meetings, and shaking my head in amazement. “You
mean you’re actually allowed to be nice to yourself, to have compassion for
yourself when you mess up or are going through a really hard time? I don’t
know . . . If I’m too self-compassionate, won’t I just be lazy and selfish?” It
took me a while to get my head around it. But I slowly came to realize that
self-criticism—despite being socially sanctioned—was not at all helpful, and
in fact only made things worse. I wasn’t making myself a better person by
beating myself up all the time. Instead, I was causing myself to feel
inadequate and insecure, then taking out my frustration on the people closest
to me. More than that, I wasn’t owning up to many things because I was so
afraid of the self-hate that would follow if I admitted the truth.
What Rupert and I both came to learn was that instead of relying on our

relationship to meet all our needs for love, acceptance, and security, we could
actually provide some of these feelings for ourselves. And this would mean
that we had even more in our hearts to give to each other. We were both so
moved by the concept of self-compassion that in our marriage ceremony later
that year, each of us ended our vows by saying “Most of all, I promise to help
you have compassion for yourself, so that you can thrive and be happy.”
After getting my Ph.D., I did two years of postdoctoral training with a
leading self-esteem researcher. I wanted to know more about how people
determine their sense of self-worth. I quickly learned that the field of
psychology was falling out of love with self-esteem as the ultimate marker of
positive mental health. Although thousands of articles had been written on
the importance of self-esteem, researchers were now starting to point out all
the traps that people can fall into when they try to get and keep a sense of
high self-esteem: narcissism, self-absorption, self-righteous anger, prejudice,
discrimination, and so on. I realized that self-compassion was the perfect
alternative to the relentless pursuit of self-esteem. Why? Because it offers the
same protection against harsh self-criticism as self-esteem, but without the
need to see ourselves as perfect or as better than others. In other words, selfcompassion provides the same benefits as high self-esteem without its
drawbacks.
When I got a job as an assistant professor at the University of Texas at
Austin, I decided that as soon as I got settled I would conduct research on
self-compassion. Although no one had yet defined self-compassion from an
academic perspective—let alone done any research on it—I knew that this
would be my life’s work.
So what is self-compassion? What does it mean exactly? I usually find
that the best way to describe self-compassion is to start with a more familiar
experience—compassion for others. After all, compassion is the same
whether we direct it to ourselves or to other people.

Compassion for Others
Imagine you’re stuck in traffic on the way to work, and a homeless man tries
to get you to pay him a buck for washing your car windows. He’s so pushy!
you think to yourself. He’ll make me miss the light and be late. He probably

just wants the money for booze or drugs anyway. Maybe if I ignore him, he’ll
just leave me alone. But he doesn’t ignore you, and you sit there hating him
while he washes your window, feeling guilty if you don’t toss him some
money, resentful if you do.
Then one day, you’re struck as if by lightning. There you are in the same
commuter traffic, at the same light, at the same time, and there’s the homeless
man, with his bucket and squeegee as usual. Yet for some unknown reason,
today you see him differently. You see him as a person rather than just a
mere annoyance. You notice his suffering. How does he survive? Most people
just shoo him away. He’s out here in the traffic and fumes all day and
certainly isn’t earning much. At least he’s trying to offer something in return
for the cash. It must be really tough to have people be so irritated with you
all the time. I wonder what his story is? How he ended up on the streets? The
moment you see the man as an actual human being who is suffering, your
heart connects with him. Instead of ignoring him, you find—to your
amazement—that you’re taking a moment to think about how difficult his life
is. You are moved by his pain and feel the urge to help him in some way.
Importantly, if what you feel is true compassion rather than mere pity, you
say to yourself, There but for the grace of God go I. If I’d been born in
different circumstances, or maybe had just been unlucky, I might also be
struggling to survive like that. We’re all vulnerable.
Of course, that might be the moment when you harden your heart
completely—your own fear of ending up on the street causing you to
dehumanize this horrid heap of rags and beard. Many people do. But it
doesn’t make them happy; it doesn’t help them deal with the stresses of their
work, their spouse, or their child when they get home. It doesn’t help them
face their own fears. If anything, this hardening of the heart, which involves
feeling better than the homeless man, just makes the whole thing that little bit
worse.
But let’s say you don’t close up. Let’s say you really do experience
compassion for the homeless man’s misfortune. How does it feel? Actually, it
feels pretty good. It’s wonderful when your heart opens—you immediately
feel more connected, alive, present.
Now, let’s say the man wasn’t trying to wash windows in return for some
cash. Maybe he was just begging for money to buy alcohol or drugs—should
you still feel compassion for him? Yes. You don’t have to invite him home.

You don’t even have to give him a buck. You may decide to give him a kind
smile or a sandwich rather than money if you feel that’s the more responsible
thing to do. But yes, he is still worthy of compassion—all of us are.
Compassion is not only relevant to those who are blameless victims, but also
to those whose suffering stems from failures, personal weakness, or bad
decisions. You know, the kind you and I make every day.
Compassion, then, involves the recognition and clear seeing of suffering.
It also involves feelings of kindness for people who are suffering, so that the
desire to help—to ameliorate suffering—emerges. Finally, compassion
involves recognizing our shared human condition, flawed and fragile as it is.

Compassion for Ourselves
Self-compassion, by definition, involves the same qualities. First, it requires
that we stop to recognize our own suffering. We can’t be moved by our own
pain if we don’t even acknowledge that it exists in the first place. Of course,
sometimes the fact that we’re in pain is blindingly obvious and we can think
of nothing else. More often than you might think, however, we don’t
recognize when we are suffering. Much of Western culture has a strong
“stiff-upper-lip” tradition. We are taught that we shouldn’t complain, that we
should just carry on (to be read in a clipped British accent while giving a
smart salute). If we’re in a difficult or stressful situation, we rarely take the
time to step back and recognize how hard it is for us in the moment.
And when our pain comes from self-judgment—if you’re angry at
yourself for mistreating someone, or for making some stupid remark at a
party—it’s even harder to see these as moments of suffering. Like the time I
asked a friend I hadn’t seen in a while, eyeing the bump of her belly, “Are we
expecting?” “Er, no,” she answered, “I’ve just put on some weight lately.”
“Oh . . .” I said as my face turned beet red. We typically don’t recognize such
moments as a type of pain that is worthy of a compassionate response. After
all, I messed up, doesn’t that mean I should be punished? Well, do you
punish your friends or your family when they mess up? Okay, maybe
sometimes a little, but do you feel good about it?
Everybody makes mistakes at one time or another, it’s a fact of life. And
if you think about it, why should you expect anything different? Where is that

written contract you signed before birth promising that you’d be perfect, that
you’d never fail, and that your life would go absolutely the way you want it
to? Uh, excuse me. There must be some error. I signed up for the “everything
will go swimmingly until the day I die” plan. Can I speak to the management,
please? It’s absurd, and yet most of us act as if something has gone terribly
awry when we fall down or life takes an unwanted or unexpected turn.
One of the downsides of living in a culture that stresses the ethic of
independence and individual achievement is that if we don’t continually
reach our ideal goals, we feel that we only have ourselves to blame. And if
we’re at fault, that means we don’t deserve compassion, right? The truth is,
everyone is worthy of compassion. The very fact that we are conscious
human beings experiencing life on the planet means that we are intrinsically
valuable and deserving of care. According to the Dalai Lama, “Human beings
by nature want happiness and do not want suffering. With that feeling
everyone tries to achieve happiness and tries to get rid of suffering, and
everyone has the basic right to do this. . . . Basically, from the viewpoint of
real human value we are all the same.” This is the same sentiment, of course,
that inspired the Declaration of Independence: “We hold these Truths to be
self-evident, that all Men are created equal, that they are endowed by their
Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty
and the pursuit of Happiness.” We don’t have to earn the right to compassion;
it is our birthright. We are human, and our ability to think and feel, combined
with our desire to be happy rather than to suffer, warrants compassion for its
own sake.
Many people are resistant to the idea of self-compassion, however. Isn’t it
really just a form of self-pity? Or a dressed-up word for self-indulgence? I
will show throughout this book that these assumptions are false and run
directly counter to the actual meaning of self-compassion. As you’ll come to
see, self-compassion involves wanting health and well-being for oneself and
leads to proactive behavior to better one’s situation, rather than passivity.
And self-compassion doesn’t mean that I think my problems are more
important than yours, it just means I think that my problems are also
important and worthy of being attended to.
Rather than condemning yourself for your mistakes and failures,
therefore, you can use the experience of suffering to soften your heart. You
can let go of those unrealistic expectations of perfection that make you so

dissatisfied, and open the door to real and lasting satisfaction. All by giving
yourself the compassion you need in the moment.
The research that my colleagues and I have conducted over the past
decade shows that self-compassion is a powerful way to achieve emotional
well-being and contentment in our lives. By giving ourselves unconditional
kindness and comfort while embracing the human experience, difficult as it
is, we avoid destructive patterns of fear, negativity, and isolation. At the same
time, self-compassion fosters positive mind-states such as happiness and
optimism. The nurturing quality of self-compassion allows us to flourish, to
appreciate the beauty and richness of life, even in hard times. When we
soothe our agitated minds with self-compassion, we’re better able to notice
what’s right as well as what’s wrong, so that we can orient ourselves toward
that which gives us joy.
Self-compassion provides an island of calm, a refuge from the stormy
seas of endless positive and negative self-judgment, so that we can finally
stop asking, “Am I as good as they are? Am I good enough?” Right here at
our fingertips we have the means to provide ourselves with the warm,
supportive care we deeply yearn for. By tapping into our inner wellsprings of
kindness, acknowledging the shared nature of our imperfect human condition,
we can start to feel more secure, accepted, and alive.
In many ways self-compassion is like magic, because it has the power to
transform suffering into joy. In her book Emotional Alchemy: How the Mind
Can Heal the Heart, Tara Bennett-Goleman uses the metaphor of alchemy to
symbolize the spiritual and emotional transformation that’s possible when we
embrace our pain with caring concern. When we give ourselves compassion,
the tight knot of negative self-judgment starts to dissolve, replaced by a
feeling of peaceful, connected acceptance—a sparkling diamond that emerges
from the coal.

Exercise One
How Do You React to Yourself and Your Life?
•

HOW DO YOU TYPICALLY REACT TO YOURSELF?
What types of things do you typically judge and criticize

•

•
•

•

yourself for—appearance, career, relationships, parenting, and
so on?
What type of language do you use with yourself when you
notice some flaw or make a mistake—do you insult yourself, or
do you take a more kind and understanding tone?
If you are highly self-critical, how does this make you feel
inside?
What are the consequences of being so hard on yourself? Does
it make you more motivated, or does it tend to make you
discouraged and depressed?
How do you think you would feel if you could truly accept
yourself exactly as you are? Does this possibility scare you, give
you hope, or both?

HOW DO YOU TYPICALLY REACT TO LIFE DIFFICULTIES?
• How do you treat yourself when you run into challenges in your
life? Do you tend to ignore the fact that you’re suffering and
focus exclusively on fixing the problem, or do you stop to give
yourself care and comfort?
•
Do you tend to get carried away by the drama of difficult
situations, so that you make a bigger deal out of them than you
need to, or do you tend to keep things in balanced perspective?
• Do you tend to feel cut off from others when things go wrong,
with the irrational feeling that everyone else is having a better
time of it than you are, or do you try to remember that all people
experience hardship in their lives?
If you feel that you lack sufficient self-compassion, check in
with yourself—are you criticizing yourself for this, too? If so, stop
right there. Try to feel compassion for how difficult it is to be an
imperfect human being in this extremely competitive society of
ours. Our culture does not emphasize self-compassion, quite the
opposite. We’re told that no matter how hard we try, our best just
isn’t good enough. It’s time for something different. We can all
benefit by learning to be more self-compassionate, and now is the
perfect time to start.

So how is all this relevant to you, the reader? This and every chapter
contain exercises that will help you understand how your continual selfjudgment is harming you. There are also exercises to help you develop
greater self-compassion so that it becomes a habit in daily life, allowing you
to establish a healthier way of relating to yourself. You can determine your
precise level of self-compassion using the self-compassion scale I developed
for my research. Go to my website—www.self-compassion.org—and click
on the “How Self-Compassionate Are You?” link. After filling out a series of
questions, your level of self-compassion will be calculated for you. You may
want to record your score and take the test again after reading the book, to
determine if you’ve increased your level of self-compassion with practice.
You can’t always have high self-esteem and your life will continue to be
flawed and imperfect—but self-compassion will always be there, waiting for
you, a safe haven. In good times and bad, whether you’re on top of the world
or at the bottom of the heap, self-compassion will keep you going, helping
you move to a better place. It does take work to break the self-criticizing
habits of a lifetime, but at the end of the day, you are only being asked to
relax, allow life to be as it is, and open your heart to yourself. It’s easier than
you might think, and it could change your life.

Exercise Two
Exploring Self-Compassion Through Letter Writing
PART ONE
Everybody has something about themselves that they don’t like;
something that causes them to feel shame, to feel insecure or not
“good enough.” It is the human condition to be imperfect, and
feelings of failure and inadequacy are part of the experience of
living. Try thinking about an issue that tends to make you feel
inadequate or bad about yourself (physical appearance, work or
relationship issues, etc.). How does this aspect of yourself make
you feel inside—scared, sad, depressed, insecure, angry? What
emotions come up for you when you think about this aspect of
yourself? Please try to be as emotionally honest as possible and to

avoid repressing any feelings, while at the same time not being
melodramatic. Try to just feel your emotions exactly as they are—
no more, no less.
PART TWO
Now think about an imaginary friend who is unconditionally
loving, accepting, kind, and compassionate. Imagine that this friend
can see all your strengths and all your weaknesses, including the
aspect of yourself you have just been thinking about. Reflect upon
what this friend feels toward you, and how you are loved and
accepted exactly as you are, with all your very human
imperfections. This friend recognizes the limits of human nature
and is kind and forgiving toward you. In his/her great wisdom this
friend understands your life history and the millions of things that
have happened in your life to create you as you are in this moment.
Your particular inadequacy is connected to so many things you
didn’t necessarily choose: your genes, your family history, life
circumstances—things that were outside of your control.
Write a letter to yourself from the perspective of this imaginary
friend—focusing on the perceived inadequacy you tend to judge
yourself for. What would this friend say to you about your “flaw”
from the perspective of unlimited compassion? How would this
friend convey the deep compassion he/she feels for you, especially
for the discomfort you feel when you judge yourself so harshly?
What would this friend write in order to remind you that you are
only human, that all people have both strengths and weaknesses?
And if you think this friend would suggest possible changes you
should make, how would these suggestions embody feelings of
unconditional understanding and compassion? As you write to
yourself from the perspective of this imaginary friend, try to infuse
your letter with a strong sense of the person’s acceptance, kindness,
caring, and desire for your health and happiness.
After writing the letter, put it down for a little while. Then come
back and read it again, really letting the words sink in. Feel the
compassion as it pours into you, soothing and comforting you like a
cool breeze on a hot day. Love, connection, and acceptance are

your birthright. To claim them you need only look within yourself.

Chapter Two

ENDING THE MADNESS
What is this self inside us, this silent observer,
Severe and speechless critic, who can terrorize us
And urge us on to futile activity
And in the end, judge us still more severely
For the errors into which his own reproaches drove us?
—T. S. ELIOT, The Elder Statesman

BEFORE EXAMINING SELF-COMPASSION IN MORE DETAIL, IT’S WORTH considering
what our more habitual, unhealthy states of mind look like. As we begin to
see the workings of our psyches more clearly, we start to recognize how
much we skew our perceptions of the world in order to feel better about
ourselves. It’s as if we’re continually airbrushing our self-image to try to
make it more to our liking, even if it radically distorts reality. At the same
time, we mercilessly criticize ourselves when we fall short of our ideals,
reacting so harshly that reality is equally distorted in the opposite direction.
The result can look like a Salvador Dalí picture (extra warped). As we first
start to learn about self-compassion as a viable alternative to this madness,
it’s easy for us to end up judging our ego dysfunctions themselves. “I’m so
full of myself, I should be more humble!” Or else, “I get so down on myself,
I should be more kind and self-accepting!” It’s very important to stop
condemning yourself for these patterns, fruitless as they may be. The only
way to truly have compassion for yourself is to realize that these neurotic ego
cycles are not of your own choosing, they are natural and universal. Put
simply, we come by our dysfunctions honestly—they are part of our human

inheritance.
So why do we vacillate between self-serving distortions and ruthless selfcriticism? Because we want to be safe. Our development, both as a species
and as individuals, is predicated on basic survival instincts. Because human
beings tend to live in hierarchical social groups, those who are dominant
within their group are less likely to be rejected and have more access to
valued resources. In the same way, those who accept their subordinate status
also have a secure place in the social order. We can’t take the risk of being
outcast by the people who keep us out of harm’s way. Not if we want to stay
alive. Surely this behavior need not be judged—how could the desire to be
safe and secure be anything other than normal and natural for any living
organism?

The Need to Feel Better Than Others
Garrison Keillor famously describes the fictional town of Lake Wobegon as a
place where “all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all
the children are above average.” For this reason, psychologists sometimes use
the phrase “Lake Wobegon effect” to describe the common tendency to think
of oneself as superior to others on a long list of desirable personality traits.
Research has shown that fully 85 percent of students think that they’re above
average in terms of getting along with others, for instance. Ninety-four
percent of college faculty members think they’re better teachers than their
colleagues, and 90 percent of drivers think they’re more skilled than their
road mates. Even people who’ve recently caused a car accident think they’re
superior drivers! Research shows that people tend to think they’re funnier,
more logical, more popular, better looking, nicer, more trustworthy, wiser,
and more intelligent than others. Ironically, most people also think they’re
above average in the ability to view themselves objectively. Logically
speaking, of course, if our self-perceptions were accurate, only half of all
people would say they’re above average on any particular trait, the other half
admitting they were below average. But this almost never happens. It’s
unacceptable to be average in our society, so pretty much everyone wears a
pair of rose-colored glasses, at least when they’re looking in the mirror. How
else can we explain all those American Idol contestants with marginal talent

who seem so genuinely shocked when they’re booted off the show?
One might assume that the tendency to see oneself as better than and
superior to other people is primarily found in individualistic cultures such as
the United States, where self-promotion is a way of life. Where else could
Muhammad Ali have gotten away with the line, “I’m not the greatest; I’m the
double greatest”? In more collectivistic Asian cultures, where conceit is
frowned upon, aren’t people more modest? The answer is yes, most Asians
think they’re more modest than others. Research suggests that all people selfenhance, but only on those traits valued by their culture. Whereas Americans
tend to think they’re more independent, self-reliant, original, and leader-like
than the average American, Asians tend to think they’re more cooperative,
self-sacrificing, respectful, and humble than their peers. I’m more modest
than you are! It’s the same almost everywhere.
And we don’t just see ourselves as “better,” we also see others as
“worse.” Psychologists use the term “downward social comparison” to
describe our tendency to see others in a negative light so that we can feel
superior by contrast. If I’m trying to gild my own ego, you can be damn sure
I’ll try to tarnish yours. “Sure you’re rich, but look at that bald spot!” This
tendency was brilliantly illustrated in the film Mean Girls. The movie was
actually based on the nonfiction book Queen Bees and Wannabes by
Rosalind Wiseman, which describes how female cliques in high school
maintain their social status. Mean Girls tells the story of three beautiful, rich,
and well-dressed girls who seem to have it all. Certainly they think so. As
one says, “I’m sorry that people are so jealous of me . . . I can’t help it that
I’m so popular.” The girls, however, are hated despite their popularity. The
clique keeps something called the “Burn Book”—a top secret notebook filled
with rumors, secrets, and gossip about the other girls in school. “See,” says
one, “we cut out girls’ pictures from the yearbook, and then we wrote
comments. ‘Trang Pak is a grotsky little byotch.’ Still true. ‘Dawn Schweitzer
is a fat virgin.’ Still half true.” When the existence of the book is revealed to
the school body at large, it ends up causing a riot. The film was a blockbuster
hit in the United States and struck a huge chord with audiences. While
exaggerated for comedic effect, the mean girl (or boy) phenomenon is
something we’re all too familiar with.
Although most of us don’t go to the lengths of keeping a “Burn Book,”
it’s very common to look for flaws and shortcomings in others as a way to

feel better about ourselves. Why else do we love pictures of stars spilling out
of their swimsuits, making fashion flubs, or having a bad hair day? This
approach, while ego gratifying for a few moments, has some serious
drawbacks. When we are always seeing the worst in others, our perception
becomes obscured by a dark cloud of negativity. Our thoughts become
malevolent, and this is the mental world we then inhabit. Downward social
comparisons actually harm rather than help us. By putting others down to
puff ourselves up, we are cutting off our nose to spite our face, creating and
maintaining the state of disconnection and isolation we actually want to
avoid.



Why Is It So Hard to Stop Beating Ourselves Up?
Perhaps more perplexing than the desire to think well of ourselves is our
equally strong tendency toward self-criticism. As British novelist Anthony
Powell noted, “Self-love seems so often unrequited.” When we don’t succeed
in reinterpreting reality so that we feel better than others, when we’re forced
to finally face up to the fact that our self-image is more blemished than we
would like it to be, what happens? All too often, Cruella De Vil or Mr. Hyde
emerges from the shadows, attacking our imperfect selves with a surprising
viciousness. And the language of self-criticism cuts like a knife.
Most of our self-critical thoughts take the form of an inner dialogue, a

constant commentary and evaluation of what we are experiencing. Because
there is no social censure when our inner dialogue is harsh or callous, we
often talk to ourselves in an especially brutal way. “You’re so fat and
disgusting!” “That was a totally stupid thing to say.” “You’re such a loser.
No wonder nobody wants you.” Ouch! Yet such self-abuse is incredibly
common. Floccinaucinihilipilification, defined as the habit of estimating
something as worthless, is one of the longest words in the English language.
The mystery of why we do it is as baffling as how to pronounce it.
Perhaps our behavior becomes more understandable, however, when we
remember that just like self-aggrandizement, self-criticism is a type of safety
behavior designed to ensure acceptance within the larger social group. Even
though the alpha dog gets to eat first, the dog that shows his belly when
snarled at still gets his share. He’s given a safe place in the pack even if it’s at
the bottom of the pecking order. Self-criticism serves as a submissive
behavior because it allows us to abase ourselves before imaginary others who
pronounce judgment over us—then reward our submission with a few crumbs
from the table. When we are forced to admit our failings, we can appease our
mental judges by acquiescing to their negative opinions of us.
Consider, for example, how people often criticize themselves in front of
others: “I look like a cow in this dress,” “I’m hopelessly inept with
computers,” “I have the worst sense of direction of anyone I know!” (I’m
prone to spouting this last line, especially when I’m driving friends
somewhere and have gotten lost for the umpteenth time.) It’s as if we’re
saying, “I’m going to beat you to the punch and criticize myself before you
can. I recognize how flawed and imperfect I am so you don’t have to cut me
down and tell me what I already know. Hopefully you will then have
sympathy for me instead of judging me and assure me that I’m not as bad as I
think I am.” This defensive posture stems from the natural desire not to be
rejected and abandoned and makes sense in terms of our most basic survival
instincts.

The Role of Parents
The social group that is most important for survival, of course, is the
immediate family. Children rely on their parents to provide food, comfort,

warmth, and shelter. They instinctively trust parents to interpret the meaning
of things, to help deal with scary new challenges, to keep them safe from
harm’s way. Children have no choice but to rely on parents in order to get by
in the world. Sadly, however, many parents don’t provide comfort and
support, but rather try to control their children through constant criticism.
Many of you have grown up this way.
When mothers or fathers use harsh criticism as a means to keep their kids
out of trouble (“don’t be so stupid or you’ll get run over by a car”), or to
improve their behavior (“you’ll never get into college if you keep getting
such pathetic grades”), children assume that criticism is a useful and
necessary motivational tool. As comedian Phyllis Diller notes, “We spend the
first twelve months of our children’s lives teaching them to walk and talk and
the next twelve telling them to sit down and shut up.” Unsurprisingly,
research shows that individuals who grow up with highly critical parents in
childhood are much more likely to be critical toward themselves as adults.
People deeply internalize their parents’ criticisms, meaning that the
disparaging running commentary they hear inside their own head is often a
reflection of parental voices—sometimes passed down and replicated
throughout generations. As one man told me, “I just can’t shut the voice up.
My mom used to pick on me no matter what I did—for eating my dinner like
a pig, wearing the wrong clothes to church, watching too much TV,
whatever. ‘You’re never going to amount to anything,’ she’d say over and
over again. I hated her and promised myself I’d never raise my children that
way. The irony is that even though I’m a loving, supportive dad to my kids,
I’m a complete bastard to myself. I tear myself to shreds all the time, even
worse than my mother did.” People with critical parents learn the message
early on that they are so bad and flawed that they have no right to be accepted
for who they are.
Critical parents tend to play the role of both good and bad cop with their
kids in the hope that they will be able to mold their children into who they
want them to be. Bad cop punishes undesirable behavior, and good cop
rewards desirable behavior. This leads to fear and distrust among children,
who soon come to believe that only by being perfect will they be worthy of
love. Given that perfection is impossible, children come to expect that
rejection is inevitable.
While most research into the origins of self-criticism focuses on parents,

the truth is that constant criticism by any significant figure in a child’s life—a
grandparent, a sibling, a teacher, a coach—can lead that child to experience
inner demons later on in life. I have an English friend named Kenneth who is
extremely hard on himself. No matter how much success he achieves, he is
continually plagued by feelings of inadequacy and insecurity—which makes
sense once he talks about his childhood: “Almost everyone in my life told me
how crap I was. My sister was the worst. She’d scream ‘you’re disgusting!’
just because she thought I was breathing too loudly, and hide under her bed
until I left the room. My mother didn’t defend me, but instead often made me
apologize to my sister as a way to calm her and keep the peace.”
The natural response of children who are being verbally pummeled is to
protect themselves, and sometimes the surest means of defense is to have
nothing to attack. In other words, children start to believe that self-criticism
will prevent them from making future mistakes, thereby circumventing
others’ criticism. At the very least, they can blunt the force of others’
criticism by making it redundant. A verbal assault doesn’t have quite the
same power when it merely repeats what you’ve already said to yourself.

The Role of Culture
The tendency to criticize ourselves and feel worthless as a result can be
traced in part to larger cultural messages. In fact, there is a well-known story
about a group of Western scholars who were meeting with the Dalai Lama,
who asked him how to help people suffering from low self-esteem. His
Holiness was confused, and the concept of self-esteem had to be explained to
him. He looked around this room of educated, successful people and asked,
“Who here feels low self-esteem?” Everyone looked at one another and
replied, “We all do.” One of the downsides of living in a culture that stresses
the ethic of independence and individual achievement is that if we don’t
reach our ideal goals, we feel that we only have ourselves to blame.
It is not only Westerners who are harshly judgmental toward themselves,
of course. We recently conducted a study in the United States, Thailand, and
Taiwan and found that in Taiwan—where there is a strong Confucian ethic—
there is also strong belief in self-criticism as a motivating force. The
Confucian ideal is that you should criticize yourself in order to keep yourself

in line—focusing on meeting the needs of others instead of yourself. In
countries where Buddhism plays a stronger role in daily life, such as
Thailand, people are much more self-compassionate. In fact, in our crosscultural study we found that people had the highest levels of self-compassion
in Thailand and the lowest in Taiwan, with the United States falling in
between. In all three countries, however, we found that self-criticism was
strongly related to depression and dissatisfaction with life. It appears that the
negative impact of self-criticism may be universal, even though different
cultures encourage it to a greater or lesser degree.

A Means to an End
If we look more deeply, we see that harsh self-criticism is often used as a
cover for something else: the desire for control. Given that the parents of selfcritics are usually overly controlling, the message is received early on that
self-control is possible. When parents blame their children for making
mistakes, children learn that they are personally responsible for all their
failures. The implication is that failure is an option box that need not be
checked. That falling short of perfection is something that can and should be
avoided. Surely if I just try hard enough I should always be able to succeed,
shouldn’t I?
Wouldn’t that be nice! If only we could wriggle our nose like Samantha
from the TV show Bewitched and never fall off our diet, drop the ball on an
important work assignment, say something in anger that we would later
regret. But life doesn’t work that way. Things are too complicated for us to
be able to fully control either our external circumstances or our internal
responses to them. To expect otherwise is like expecting the sky to be green
instead of blue.
Ironically, there is also a way in which our desire to be superior is fed by
the process of self-criticism. Our self-concept is multifaceted, and we can
identify with different parts of ourselves at any one time. When we judge and
attack ourselves, we are taking the role of both the criticizer and the
criticized. By taking the perspective of the one holding the whip as well as
the one quivering on the ground, we are able to indulge in feelings of
righteous indignation toward our own inadequacies. And righteous

indignation feels pretty good. “At least I’m smart enough to see how stupid
that comment I just made was.” “Yes, I did treat that person in an
unforgivably bad way, but I’m so just and fair that I will now punish myself
without mercy.” Anger often gives us a feeling of strength and power, and so
when we angrily cut ourselves down for our failings, we have a chance to feel
superior to those aspects of ourselves that we judge and thus buttress our
sense of authority (in the words of Thomas Hobbes, “The privilege of
absurdity, to which no living creature is subject but man only”).
Similarly, by setting unrealistically high standards for ourselves and
getting so upset when we fail to meet them, we can subtly reinforce feelings
of supremacy associated with having such high standards in the first place.
When complaining miserably about “ballooning” up to those size 6 jeans, for
instance, or receiving that one minor negative comment from our boss on an
otherwise glowing yearly review, we are sending the message that normally
we are very much above average in our success, and that “good” just isn’t
good enough for someone so used to excellence.
When served up with a slice of humor, of course, cutting ourselves down
can be a way of endearing ourselves to others. “Better to have them laugh
with you than laugh at you,” as the saying goes. A great example of this can
be found in the opening scene of Al Gore’s An Inconvenient Truth. The
former presidential candidate takes the stage in front of an enormous
audience, with an even more enormous screen behind him, and the first
words out of his mouth are, “Hello, my name is Al Gore, and I used to be the
next president of the United States.” By highlighting his failure in a
lighthearted way, Gore had the audience eating out of his hand. There is a
difference, however, between healthy self-deprecating humor and unhealthy
self-disparagement. The first indicates that someone is self-confident enough
to poke fun at him- or herself. The second reveals deep-seated insecurities
about personal worth and value.

A Self-Fulfilling Prophecy
Because self-critics often come from unsupportive family backgrounds, they
tend not to trust others and assume that those they care about will eventually
try to hurt them. This creates a steady state of fear that causes problems in

interpersonal interactions. For instance, research shows that highly selfcritical people tend to be dissatisfied in their romantic relationships because
they assume their partners are judging them as harshly as they judge
themselves. The misperception of even fairly neutral statements as
disparaging often leads to oversensitive reactions and unnecessary conflicts.
This means that self-critics often undermine the closeness and supportiveness
in relationships that they so desperately seek.
My friend Emily was like this. She was awkward, gangly, and painfully
shy as a child. Her mother was embarrassed by Emily and told her so
constantly. “Why do you always cower in the corner? Stand up straight.
Learn your manners. Why can’t you be more like your big sister?” Emily
grew up to become a professional dancer, in part to appease her mother’s
criticisms. A beautiful, graceful woman, you’d think it would have been easy
for her to find a good relationship, to find the love and acceptance she craved.
Not so. Emily certainly had no problems attracting men and starting
relationships, but she did have a hard time getting them to last. She was so
certain she was being judged as inadequate that she would overreact to the
tiniest perceived slight by her partner. Innocent behaviors like forgetting to
call the first night he was away on a business trip would be seen as proof that
he didn’t really care about her. Not complimenting her new dress would be
interpreted to mean that he thought she looked ugly. These overreactions
would eventually cause her partners to get fed up and leave. In this way,
Emily’s fear of rejection was transformed into reality over and over again.
To make things even worse, people who harshly judge themselves are
often their own worst enemy when it comes to choosing relationship partners
in the first place. Social psychologist Bill Swann argues that people want to
be known by others according to their firmly held beliefs and feelings about
themselves—a model known as “self-verification theory.” That is, they want
their self-views to be validated because it helps to provide a sense of stability
in their lives. His research shows that even people who make strong negative
evaluations of themselves follow this pattern. They seek to interact with
others who dislike them, so that their experiences will be more familiar and
coherent.
So now you know why you—or your wonderful, successful friend—keep
picking the wrong guy or gal. Self-critics are often attracted to judgmental
romantic partners who confirm their feelings of worthlessness. The certainty

of rejection feels safer than not knowing what to expect next. It’s the devil
they know. Unfortunately, I’m all too familiar with this unhealthy pattern.

My Story: Abandoned and Unlovable
I was never an exceptionally ferocious self-critic; at least, I wasn’t out of the
ordinary. Luckily my mother was a loving rather than critical presence while
growing up. But I was still pretty bad. Self-criticism is incredibly common in
our society, especially among women. And I was hamstrung by the same
troubles that afflict many women: daddy issues.
My mother and father met at a college in Southern California. She was a
homecoming queen, a beauty whose belt, shoes, and purse always matched.
He was a “big man on campus.” Smart, athletic, ambitious, handsome. After
he graduated they got married, rented a house in the suburbs, and had two
lovely children—a boy and a girl. Soon my father was a rising young
executive in a large corporation while my mother dropped her studies and
stayed home to watch the kids. The American dream. Except that the fifties
were over and it was now the sixties—an era of unprecedented social
revolution.
My father tuned in to the changes happening around him and recognized
the coffin of conventionality that his life had become. But he didn’t handle it
in a mature way. He left my mother, brother, and me when I was only three,
dropped out to become a hippie, and moved into a commune on Maui,
Hawaii. Given how far away he lived from our home in Los Angeles, I saw
him only every two or three years while growing up, mainly during summer
vacations. Although he was affectionate and loving during our visits, he was
trapped in Hippieville to the point that he couldn’t see very clearly, couldn’t
even admit to himself that he had abandoned us. “It’s all just our karma” he
was fond of saying.
One day when I was about eight, after using the word Dad in the course
of asking him some question, he turned to me and my brother in all
seriousness and asked that we please not call him Dad anymore. He wanted
us to use his new name, “Brother Dionysus,” because “we are all just brothers
and sisters at the end of the day—children of God.” I had been clinging to the
flimsy, occasional father-daughter relationship that we had, but now his

rejection of the father role seemed complete. My dad had truly left me,
emotionally as well as physically. The bottom dropped out of my stomach,
but I couldn’t cry. I couldn’t express any reaction whatsoever. I didn’t want
to risk harming any small thread of connection that might still be there. So for
more than twenty years I found myself in the awkward situation of not
knowing how—on those rare occasions when he was around—to address
him. I couldn’t bring myself to use his ridiculous hippie name, so ended up
using no name at all. “Um, hey, uh, excuse me, could you pass the salt,
please?” Needless to say, this rejection caused some deep scars in my psyche.
You should have seen the boys I chose as boyfriends in high school.
Although I was a straight A student in all honors classes, attractive and
friendly, I basically only liked guys who didn’t like me. I was drawn to the
boys who had a lot less going for them than I did, but who still acted
equivocally toward me. I had no idea of my own worth and value, and at
some level I was trying to recapture my relationship with my father—
unconsciously hoping that I could magically transform the experience of
rejection into one of acceptance. Almost every single one of my boyfriends
ended up dumping me eventually, which surprised me at the time but makes
sense given what I know now. I was simply re-creating situations that
validated my sense of self as an unlovable girl who would always be
abandoned.

How Bad Can It Get?
Even though my feelings of insecurity caused me to make some bad
decisions, not to mention making me unhappy, it was not that extreme. Sadly,
the damage caused by self-judgment can get much, much worse. Feelings of
inadequacy and inferiority are associated with acts of self-harm—like drug
and alcohol abuse, reckless driving on purpose, and cutting—which are really
attempts to externalize and release emotional pain. In extreme cases, when
self-criticism goes unchecked for years, when ruthless self-pummeling
becomes a way of life, some choose to escape the pain by escaping life itself.
A number of large-scale studies have found that extreme self-critics are much
more likely to attempt suicide than others. Feelings of shame and
insignificance can lead to a devaluing of oneself to the extent that it even

overpowers our most basic and fundamental instinct—the will to stay alive.
The thought patterns linking self-criticism to suicide are apparent in this blog
posting taken from a depression website:
All my life I’ve been depressed. I’ve always felt like there was
something wrong with me and that I was stupid and ugly and gross.
I want to have more friends but I can’t figure out how to do it. I’ve
been able to have one or two friends at a time, but they really never
last. Some of them betray me and hurt me and I can never figure
out what I did that made them hate me so much. I don’t say things
out in public much because I might say something stupid and
someone will laugh at me and humiliate me. So even if someone is
nice and wants to be with me, I end up driving them away. I’m so
lonely sometimes that it seems like I’d be better off dead. I think
about dying because I’m just so worthless and no one loves me. I
don’t love me. Being all the way dead has to be better than feeling
dead inside.
This tragic train of thought is much more common than might be
assumed. Worldwide, there are an estimated ten to twenty million attempted
suicides each year. Sadly, this shocking act of violence is often just an
outward manifestation of the inner violence more familiar to us: harsh selfcriticism.

The Way Out
Although it’s important for us to see our psychological patterns clearly, it’s
equally important that we do not judge ourselves for them. If you are a
habitual self-critic, remember that your behavior actually represents a
convoluted form of self-care, an attempt to keep yourself safe and on track.
You don’t want to beat yourself up for beating yourself up in the vain hope
that it will somehow make you stop beating yourself up. Just as hate can’t
conquer hate—but only strengthens and reinforces it—self-judgment can’t
stop self-judgment.
The best way to counteract self-criticism, therefore, is to understand it,

have compassion for it, and then replace it with a kinder response. By letting
ourselves be moved by the suffering we have experienced at the hands of our
own self-criticism, we strengthen our desire to heal. Eventually, after banging
our heads against the wall long enough, we’ll decide that enough is enough
and demand an end to our self-inflicted pain.
Fortunately, we can actually provide ourselves with the security and
nurturance we want. We can recognize that weakness and imperfection are
part of the shared human experience. We can feel more connected to our
fellow life travelers who are just as flawed and vulnerable as we are. At the
same time, we can let go of the need to feel better than others. We can see
through the self-serving distortions that inflate our own egos at others’
expense.
And who wants to be stuck in a box labeled “good” anyway? Isn’t it more
interesting to revel in the full range of human experience? Instead of trying to
control ourselves and our lives to obtain a perfectionistic ideal, why not
embrace life as it is—both the light and the shadow? What adventures might
follow if we free ourselves in this way? Happiness is found when we go with
the flow of life, not when we rail against it, and self-compassion can help us
navigate these turbulent rapids with a wise, accepting heart.

Exercise Two
The Criticizer, the Criticized, and the Compassionate Observer
This exercise is modeled on the two-chair dialogue studied by
Gestalt therapist Leslie Greenberg. In this exercise, clients sit in
different chairs to help get in touch with different, often conflicting
parts of their selves, experiencing how each aspect feels in the
present moment.
To begin, put out three empty chairs, preferably in a triangular
arrangement. Next, think about an issue that often troubles you, and
that often elicits harsh self-criticism. Designate one chair as the
voice of your inner self-critic, one chair as the voice of the part of
you that feels judged and criticized, and one chair as the voice of a
wise, compassionate observer. You are going to be role-playing all

three parts of yourself—you, you, and you. It may feel a bit silly at
first, but you may be surprised at what comes out once you really
start letting your feelings flow.
1. Think about your “issue,” and then sit in the chair of the selfcritic. As you take your seat, express out loud what the self-critical
part of you is thinking and feeling. For example, “I hate the fact
that you’re such a wimp and aren’t self-assertive enough.” Notice
the words and tone of voice the self-critical part of you uses, and
also how it is feeling. Worried, angry, self-righteous, exasperated?
Note what your body posture is like. Strong, rigid, upright?
2. Now take the chair of the criticized aspect of yourself. Try to
get in touch with how you feel being criticized in this manner. Talk
about how you feel, responding directly to your inner critic. For
example, “I feel so hurt by you” or “I feel so unsupported.” Just
speak whatever comes into your mind. Again, notice the tone of
your voice. Is it sad, discouraged, childlike, scared, helpless? What
is your body posture like? Are you slumped, downward facing,
frowning?
3. Conduct a dialogue between these two parts of yourself for a
while, switching back and forth between the chair of the criticizer
and the criticized. Really try to experience each aspect of yourself
so each knows how the other feels. Allow each to fully express its
views and be heard.
4. Now occupy the chair of the compassionate observer. Call
upon your deepest wisdom, the wells of your caring concern, and
address both the critic and the criticized. What does your
compassionate self say to the critic, what insight does it have? For
example, “You sound very much like your mother” or, “I see that
you’re really scared, and you’re trying to help me so I don’t screw
up.” What does your compassionate self say to the criticized part of
yourself? For example, “It must be incredibly difficult to hear such
harsh judgment day after day. I see you’re really hurting” or “All
you want is to be accepted for who you are.” Try to relax, letting
your heart soften and open. What words of compassion naturally
spring forth? How is your tone of voice? Tender, gentle, warm?
What is your body posture like—balanced, centered, relaxed?

5. After the dialogue finishes—stop whenever it feels right—
reflect upon what just happened. Do you have any new insights
about where your patterns come from, new ways of thinking about
your situation that are more productive? As you contemplate what
you have learned, set your intention to relate to yourself in a kinder,
healthier way in the future. A truce can be called in your inner war.
Peace is possible. Your old habits of self-criticism don’t need to
rule you forever. What you need to do is listen to the voice that’s
already there, even if a bit hidden—your wise, compassionate self.

Part Two
THE CORE COMPONENTS OF SELFCOMPASSION

Chapter Three

BEING KIND TO OURSELVES
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched,
you begin to discover that it’s bottomless, that it doesn’t have any
resolution, that this heart is huge, vast, and limitless. You begin to
discover how much warmth and gentleness is there, as well as how
much space.
—PEMA CHÖDRÖN, Start Where You Are

AS I’VE DEFINED IT, SELF-COMPASSION ENTAILS THREE CORE COMPONENTS. First,
it requires self-kindness, that we be gentle and understanding with ourselves
rather than harshly critical and judgmental. Second, it requires recognition of
our common humanity, feeling connected with others in the experience of life
rather than feeling isolated and alienated by our suffering. Third, it requires
mindfulness—that we hold our experience in balanced awareness, rather than
ignoring our pain or exaggerating it. We must achieve and combine these
three essential elements in order to be truly self-compassionate. This chapter
and the next two focus on each component separately, as they are all equally
important. We’ll start with what is perhaps the most obvious ingredient of
self-compassion: self-kindness.

The Path of Self-Kindness
Western culture places great emphasis on being kind to our friends, family,
and neighbors who are struggling. Not so when it comes to ourselves. When
we make a mistake or fail in some way, we’re more likely to hit ourselves

over the head with a club than put a supportive arm around our own shoulder.
Most likely, even the thought of comforting ourselves in this way seems
absurd. And even when our problems stem from forces beyond our control,
self-kindness is not a culturally valued response. Somewhere along the line
we get the message that strong individuals should be stoic and silent toward
their own suffering—like John Wayne in a western. Unfortunately, these
attitudes rob us of one of our most powerful coping mechanisms when
dealing with the difficulties of life.
Self-kindness, by definition, means that we stop the constant selfjudgment and disparaging internal commentary that most of us have come to
see as normal. It requires us to understand our foibles and failures instead of
condemning them. It entails clearly seeing the extent to which we harm
ourselves through relentless self-criticism, and ending our internal war.
But self-kindness involves more than merely stopping self-judgment. It
involves actively comforting ourselves, responding just as we would to a dear
friend in need. It means we allow ourselves to be emotionally moved by our
own pain, stopping to say, “This is really difficult right now. How can I care
for and comfort myself in this moment?” With self-kindness, we soothe and
calm our troubled minds. We make a peace offering of warmth, gentleness,
and sympathy from ourselves to ourselves, so that true healing can occur.
And if our pain is caused by a misstep we have made—this is precisely
the time to give ourselves compassion. I remember once during high school I
went on a first date with a boy I had a huge crush on. I had a slight cold but
didn’t think much about it. At one point while I was talking and laughing,
trying to impress him with how clever and funny I was, he looked at me
sideways and raised his eyebrows. I paused, wondering what was the matter.
“Nice snot bubble,” he said.
The shame and humiliation floored me for weeks. I felt totally lame and
told myself so over and over again. I wish I knew then what I know now.
Rather than relentlessly cutting ourselves down when we fall, even if our
fall is a spectacular one, we do have another option. We can recognize that
everyone has times when they blow it, and treat ourselves kindly. Maybe we
weren’t able to put our best foot forward, but we tried, and falling flat on
one’s face is an inevitable part of life. An honorable part, in fact.
Sadly, however, many people believe that they shouldn’t be kind to
themselves, especially if they received that message in childhood. And even

among those who want to be kinder to themselves, who would happily do
away with their inner tyrant if they could, there is often the belief that change
is not possible. Because they’ve developed such a strong habit of selfcriticism, they don’t think they are actually capable of self-kindness. Luckily,
however, being kind to yourself is easier than you think.

The Attachment and Caregiving System
Our brains and bodies have the innate capacity to both give and receive care.
It’s part of our genetic inheritance. Not only does survival depend on the
fight-or-flight instinct, it also depends on the “tend and befriend” instinct. In
times of threat or stress, animals that are protective of their offspring are
more likely to pass their genes successfully on to the next generation,
meaning that caregiving behavior has a strong adaptive function.
For this reason, all mammals are born with an “attachment system”—a
set of behaviors that allow for strong emotional bonds between caregivers
and their young. Unlike reptiles, who could care less about their offspring
once they’ve slithered out of their eggs—often eating them, in fact—
mammals spend considerable time and energy nurturing their young, making
sure they are adequately fed, warm, and safe. Mammals are born in an
immature state. They can’t take care of themselves as newborns, and they
rely on parents to be their lifeline until they are ready to leave home.
Evolution ensured that mammals could both give and receive nurturance, so
that parents wouldn’t abandon their children after birth and children wouldn’t
wander off alone into the dangerous wild. The emotion of care comes
naturally to us, because without it our species would not be able to survive.
This means that the capacity to feel affection and interconnection is part of
our biological nature. Our brains are actually designed to care.
The well-known psychologist Harry Harlow was one of the first to
examine the development of the mammalian attachment system back in the
1950s. In a series of clever (if ethically questionable) experiments, Harlow
studied the behavior of newborn rhesus monkeys who were separated from
their mothers and reared alone in a cage. The question was whether the baby
monkeys would spend more time with a soft, terrycloth pretend mother—who
at least offered some degree of warmth and comfort—or a stark, wire-mesh

figure that held a milk-dispensing bottle but provided little comfort. The
answer was clear. The baby monkeys clung to their cloth mommies as if their
life depended on it, only moving to the stark wire-mesh figures long enough
to take a quick drink. What’s striking about this finding is that the emotional
comfort offered by a snuggly cloth appeared to create a stronger drive in the
monkeys than food itself. Care was as powerful a survival need as nutrition.
As the Bible says, “Man cannot live by bread alone.” Harlow interpreted his
experiments as providing evidence for the biological underpinnings of the
attachment system.
John Bowlby, another influential psychologist working in the same
period, took the study of attachment a step further—to humans. He proposed
that infants develop a secure attachment bond to parents when their needs are
consistently met. If children are consoled and supported by parents when
they’re upset or frightened, they learn to trust them. Every time a mom picks
up and rocks her crying baby, the baby starts to feel that the world is a safe
place, that he or she can turn to mommy for support when needed. This then
allows children to use their parents as a “secure base,” meaning they can
safely explore the world around them because they know help is always at
hand. If parents provide inconsistent support, however, or are cold and
rejecting, children develop what’s called an insecure attachment bond. This
insecurity means that children can’t trust their parents to soothe their distress
—to kiss the boo-boo and make it go away. They learn that the world is
really not safe, that their parents can’t be relied upon. This tends to impair
children’s confidence in exploring the world—an impairment that often
extends to adulthood.
Bowlby argued that early attachment bonds with parents affect the
formation of our “internal working model” of self in relation to others. This is
an unconscious, deep-seated mental portrait of who we are and what we can
expect from other people. If children are securely attached to parents, they
feel they are worthy of love. They typically grow up to be healthy and happy
adults, secure in the belief they can count on others to provide comfort and
support. But if children are insecurely attached, they tend to feel they are
unworthy and unlovable, and that other people cannot be trusted. This creates
a pervasive feeling of insecurity that can cause long-term emotional distress
and affect the ability to form close, stable relationships later on in life.
It probably comes as no surprise then that our research shows people who

are insecurely attached have less self-compassion than those who are securely
attached. In other words, our internal working models of self have a
significant impact on how we treat ourselves—with compassion or contempt.
And if our internal working models tell us that we can’t rely on others to be
there for us in times of need, we will not allow ourselves to depend on them.
Just like Emily, the professional dancer whose story was told in the last
chapter, we may find it easier to assume the worst and act accordingly rather
than make ourselves vulnerable by allowing others into our heart. But in
doing so we cut ourselves off from human happiness.
The good news is that our internal working models are not etched in stone
—they can be changed. Because the ability to give and receive care is inborn,
our attachment buttons can be reset. A person who is insecurely attached as a
child but somehow manages to find a loving, supportive romantic partner as
an adult can eventually learn to become securely attached. Healthy romantic
relationships allow us to realize that actually, we are valuable and worthy of
care, that others can be trusted to meet our needs. Skilled therapists can also
help change insecure attachment bonds by providing unconditional support to
their clients. The safe space and deep listening provided by a therapist allows
access to the deep-rooted patterns formed in our childhood, bringing them to
the surface so they can be re-formed.
Of course, there are problems with depending solely on other people to
change how we feel about ourselves. Romantic relationships may end,
therapists may move away or become unaffordable. And those we rely upon
often have their own dragons to slay—sickness, depression, job stress—that
prevent them from being there for us when we need them. Fortunately, we
don’t have to solely rely on others to change our self views. When we
consistently give ourselves nurturance and understanding, we also come to
feel worthy of care and acceptance. When we give ourselves empathy and
support, we learn to trust that help is always at hand. When we wrap
ourselves in the warm embrace of self-kindness, we feel safe and secure.
Luckily, Emily was finally able to learn this. She came to realize that
unless she had compassion for the feelings of insecurity woven deep within
the fabric of her personality, she would keep driving men away with her
defensive reactions. So Emily started to practice being kinder and more
accepting of herself. Every time a wave of insecurity came over her she
would silently say, “I love and accept myself exactly as I am.” Every time she

started to criticize herself, or to interpret someone else’s actions as a
deliberate rejection, she would repeat, “I love and accept myself exactly as I
am.” Eventually, deep wells of grief arose as she let herself experience the
full extent of the pain caused by her mother’s rejection and disapproval. But
as long as she repeated her phrase, she found she could feel her emotions
without being overwhelmed by them.
Finally, as her pain started to subside, she began to trust others once
more. She started to realize how much she had to offer others, and that her
past no longer had anything to do with her present. The last time I heard from
her, Emily was engaged to a wonderful man who deeply loved and
appreciated her, and whose love and appreciation she could finally allow
herself to receive.

The Chemicals of Care
The power of self-kindness is not just an idea—some feel-good but
insubstantial notion that doesn’t really change anything. It’s very real. When
we soothe our own pain, we are tapping into the mammalian caregiving
system. And one important way the caregiving system works is by triggering
the release of oxytocin. Researchers have dubbed oxytocin the “hormone of
love and bonding” because of the important role it plays in social
relationships. For instance, one study found that levels of oxytocin measured
in pregnant mothers during their first trimester predicted the strength of
mother-child bonding after birth. Research has also shown that increased
levels of oxytocin strongly increase feelings of trust, calm, safety, generosity,
and connectedness and also facilitate the ability to feel warmth and
compassion for ourselves. Oxytocin reduces fear and anxiety and can
counteract the increased blood pressure and cortisol associated with stress.
Interestingly, the party drug MDMA (otherwise known as Ecstasy) mimics
the actions of oxytocin, which is why people report feeling more relaxed,
loving, and accepting toward themselves and others when taking the drug.
Oxytocin is released in a variety of social situations, including when a
mother breast-feeds her child, when parents interact with their young
children, or when someone gives or receives a soft, tender caress. Because
thoughts and emotions have the same effect on our bodies whether they’re

directed to ourselves or to others, this research suggests that self-compassion
may be a powerful trigger for the release of oxytocin.
Self-criticism appears to have a very different effect on our body. The
amygdala is the oldest part of the brain and is designed to quickly detect
threats in the environment. When we experience a threatening situation, the
fight-or-flight response is triggered: the amygdala sends signals that increase
blood pressure, adrenaline, and the hormone cortisol, mobilizing the strength
and energy needed to confront or avoid a threat. Although this system was
designed by evolution to deal with physical attacks, it is activated just as
readily by emotional attacks—from ourselves or others. Over time increased
cortisol levels lead to depression by depleting various neurotransmitters
involved in the ability to experience pleasure.
There is also neurological evidence showing that self-kindness and selfcriticism operate quite differently in terms of brain function. A recent study
examined reactions to personal failure using fMRI (functional magnetic
resonance imaging) technology. While in a brain scanner, participants were
presented with hypothetical situations such as “A third job rejection letter in a
row arrives in the post.” They were then told to imagine reacting to the
situation in either a kind or a self-critical way. Self-criticism was associated
with activity in the lateral prefrontal cortex and dorsal anterior cingulate—
areas of the brain associated with error processing and problem solving.
Being kind and reassuring toward oneself was associated with left temporal
pole and insula activation—areas of the brain associated with positive
emotions and compassion. Instead of seeing ourselves as a problem to be
fixed, therefore, self-kindness allows us to see ourselves as valuable human
beings who are worthy of care.
When we experience warm and tender feelings toward ourselves, we are
altering our bodies as well as our minds. Rather than feeling worried and
anxious, we feel calm, content, trusting, and secure. Self-kindness allows us
to feel safe as we respond to painful experiences, so that we are no longer
operating from a place of fear—and once we let go of insecurity we can
pursue our dreams with the confidence needed to actually achieve them.

Exercise One

Hugging Practice
One easy way to soothe and comfort yourself when you’re feeling
badly is to give yourself a gentle hug. It seems a bit silly at first, but
your body doesn’t know that. It just responds to the physical
gesture of warmth and care, just as a baby responds to being held in
its mother’s arms. Our skin is an incredibly sensitive organ.
Research indicates that physical touch releases oxytocin, provides a
sense of security, soothes distressing emotions, and calms
cardiovascular stress. So why not try it?
If you notice that you’re feeling tense, upset, sad, or selfcritical, try giving yourself a warm hug, tenderly stroking your arm
or face, or gently rocking your body. What’s important is that you
make a clear gesture that conveys feelings of love, care, and
tenderness. If other people are around, you can often fold your arms
in a nonobvious way, gently squeezing yourself in a comforting
manner. You can also simply imagine hugging yourself if you can’t
make the actual physical gesture.
Notice how your body feels after receiving the hug. Does it feel
warmer, softer, calmer? It’s amazing how easy it is to tap into the
oxytocin system and change your biochemical experience.
Try giving yourself a hug in times of suffering several times a
day for a period of at least a week. Hopefully you’ll start to develop
the habit of physically comforting yourself when needed, taking
full advantage of this surprisingly simple and straightforward way
to be kind to ourselves.

The Power of a Gentle Caress
The warm embrace of self-kindness makes our suffering bearable, providing
a soothing balm that softens the hard edges of our pain. When we treat
ourselves as a kind friend would, we are no longer totally absorbed by
playing the role of the one who is suffering. Yes, I hurt. But I also feel care
and concern. I am both the comforter and the one in need of comfort. There is
more to me than the pain I am feeling right now, I am also the heartfelt

response to that pain. When we are moved by how difficult life is in the
moment, somehow that moment isn’t as difficult as it was just a second ago.
We add a new ingredient to our experience, providing relief like a cool spring
bubbling up in a hot, dry desert.
I remember once I was feeling really down after hearing something mean
someone had said about me—someone who didn’t know me at all, but who
nonetheless was making negative assumptions about my honesty and
integrity. I felt like I had been hit by a car. This is so unfair! The nerve! Who
does she think she is? I created all sorts of “payback” scenarios in my mind—
of showing this person up, publicly proving her wrong, making her feel so
horrible about herself that she would cringe in shame. These mental movies
were only making me feel worse, however, causing me to relive the pain over
and over again. Then I remembered. What I need to do is give myself
compassion for how difficult the situation is. I gently stroked my arms and
spoke to myself in kind, sympathetic tones. Poor darling. This is really hard
right now. I comforted myself for the pain of being treated so unfairly.
This is what I actually needed in the moment. Rather than merely venting
my anger, I needed to feel loved and understood, to be seen for who I really
was. This was the only remedy that could heal my pain. The moment I
changed my approach, I felt my mood start to lift. I stopped obsessing about
payback scenarios and instead realized that this person’s negativity had
nothing to do with me; it was her own issue. Relatively quickly I was able to
let go and move on, my equilibrium restored and the impact of her words
greatly lessened.
Choosing to relate to ourselves with kindness rather than contempt is
highly pragmatic. We don’t have a lot of control over our personal
characteristics—our inborn personality, our body type, our health, the good
or bad fortune of our circumstances. But what we can do is start being kind to
ourselves when confronting our limitations, and we can suffer less because of
them.
One of the most important ways we can be kind to ourselves involves
changing our critical self-talk. Marshall Rosenberg, author of the bestselling
book Nonviolent Communication, stresses the importance of using
sympathetic rather than judgmental language when we talk to ourselves. He
argues that to be at peace with ourselves, we should reframe our inner
dialogues so that they express empathy for our basic human needs.

Rosenberg’s suggested method for doing so involves asking four simple
questions:
•
•
•
•

What am I observing?
What am I feeling?
What am I needing right now?
Do I have a request of myself or someone else?

These four questions allow us to listen deeply to what we need most in
the moment.
For example, let’s say you’re working from home and take a break to
make yourself some tea. When you come into the kitchen, you see that there
are dirty dishes piled up a mile high. The first step involves noticing if your
self-talk is critical or judgmental. Are you saying things like “I’m such a
hopeless slob”? The next step involves tuning into the feelings underlying
your harsh words. Are you feeling frustrated, overwhelmed, irritated with
yourself or the situation? The third step entails examining the unmet needs
driving your reaction. Perhaps you’re frustrated because you know you need
a sense of order to deal with the pressing demands of your work, and that the
chaos in the kitchen is hindering you. Finally, you consider whether there is
anything you want to request of yourself or someone else that may help to
meet your needs. Perhaps you can ask your best friend to lend a hand until
your work deadline passes. Or maybe you can ask yourself to put off working
on your project for a half hour while you clean up, so that you can have the
sense of harmony you need to concentrate. The main point is that you
validate and listen to what you really need in the moment, and you express
empathy toward yourself rather than condemnation.

Exercise Two
Changing Your Critical Self-Talk
This exercise should be done over several weeks and will
eventually form the blueprint for changing how you relate to
yourself long term. Some people find it useful to work on their
inner critic by writing in a journal. Others are more comfortable

doing it via internal dialogues. If you are someone who likes to
write things down and revisit them later, journaling can be an
excellent tool for transformation. If you are someone (like me) who
never manages to be consistent with a journal, then do whatever
works for you. You can speak aloud to yourself, or think silently.
1. The first step toward changing the way you treat yourself is
to notice when you are being self-critical. It may be that—like
many of us—your self-critical voice comes up so frequently that
you don’t even notice when it is present. Whenever you’re feeling
bad about something, think about what you’ve just said to yourself.
Try to be as accurate as possible, noting your inner speech
verbatim. What words do you actually use when you’re selfcritical? Are there key phrases that come up over and over again?
What is the tone of your voice—harsh, cold, angry? Does the voice
remind you of anyone in your past who was critical of you? You
want to be able to get to know the inner self-critic very well, and to
become aware of when your inner judge is active. For instance, if
you’ve just eaten half a box of Oreos, does your inner voice say
something like “you’re so disgusting,” “you make me sick,” and so
on? Really try to get a clear sense of how you talk to yourself.
2. Make an active effort to soften the self-critical voice, but do
so with compassion rather than self-judgment (i.e., don’t say
“you’re such a bitch” to your inner critic!). Say something like “I
know you’re trying to keep me safe, and to point out ways that I
need to improve, but your harsh criticism and judgment is not
helping at all. Please stop being so critical, you are causing me
unnecessary pain.”
3. Reframe the observations made by your inner critic in a kind,
friendly, positive way. If you’re having trouble thinking of what
words to use, you might want to imagine what a very
compassionate friend would say to you in this situation. It might
help to use a term of endearment that strengthens expressed
feelings of warmth and care, but only if it feels natural rather than
schmaltzy. For instance, you can say something like “Darling, I
know you ate that bag of cookies because you’re feeling really sad
right now and you thought it would cheer you up. But you feel even

worse and are not feeling good in your body. I want you to be
happy, so why don’t you take a long walk so you feel better?”
While engaging in this supportive self-talk, try gently stroking your
arm, or holding your face tenderly in your hands (as long as no
one’s looking). Even if you’re having trouble calling up emotions
of kindness at first, physical gestures of warmth can tap into the
caregiving system, releasing oxytocin that will help change your
biochemistry. The important thing is that you start acting kindly,
and feelings of true warmth and caring will eventually follow.
The healing power of self-kindness was demonstrated in a recent study of
chronic acne sufferers. People who have chronic acne are often depressed and
experience intense shame and self-judgment. For this reason, researchers held
a two-week intervention in which participants were taught how to soothe the
negative emotions and self-criticism associated with their acne. For instance,
they were told, “There is an inner critic inside of each of us that can say mean
and negative things about ourselves in a hostile way . . . We also have an
‘inner soother’ (a compassionate part within us) that has the ability to soothe
ourselves by saying accepting things in a warm and compassionate way.”
Participants were then given a series of exercises designed to help them selfsoothe. They were instructed to write five compassionate phrases on cue
cards, such as “I feel upset about my acne and it is okay to feel this way” or
“I would be accepting of a friend in my position. I want to be this way to
myself too.” They were also taught how to challenge and confront their inner
critic. They were asked to write five additional phrases on cue cards, such as
“It’s not true that people will reject me just because I have acne” and “I have
the inner strength to fight my distress and my role in creating it.”
Participants were then instructed to read the cue cards three times a day
over the course of the next two weeks, as well as doing other exercises like
writing a compassionate letter to themselves (see exercise one, chapter 1). It
was found that the intervention significantly lessened people’s feelings of
depression and shame due to their acne. Interestingly, it also lessened the
degree to which their acne bothered them physically, reducing sensations of
burning and stinging.
When faced with our human imperfection, we can either respond with
kindness and care, or with judgment and criticism. An important question to

ask is, what qualities of heart and mind do we want to encourage in
ourselves? We can’t stop our judgmental thoughts, but we don’t have to
encourage or believe in them either. If we hold our self-judgments with
gentleness and understanding, the force of self-contempt will eventually fade
and wither, deprived of the sustenance needed to survive. We have the power
to live with joy and contentment by responding to our suffering with
kindness. Although this habit is not taught by the larger culture, change is
possible. I know this from personal experience.

My Story: To Err Is Human
As mentioned at the start of this book, I first learned about self-compassion in
the Buddhist meditation group I joined during my last year of graduate
school. The main reason I joined was because I was drowning in feelings of
shame, guilt, and unworthiness; and I was desperately looking to find some
inner peace. It was just months before Rupert and I were set to marry, and I
was still reeling from the mess I had made of my personal life some years
previous.
You see, I had been married before, to a man called John (not his real
name) whom I had met while a junior in college. After the string of losers I
had dated as a teenager, I thought I had finally met a keeper. John was
handsome, intelligent, and cultured. He was also extremely judgmental.
When he tried to break up with me due to my perceived shortcomings, a
standard theme in my relationships up to that point, I resisted. This one is too
good to lose, I thought. And of course, his rejection just hooked me even
more. I pulled out every resource of charm I had, and we ended up staying
together. A few years later we got married.
John was basically a good man, but his judgmental nature meant that he
was extremely skeptical about any sort of spirituality. He certainly did not
approve of the spiritual beliefs I had been raised with—he thought they were
complete hogwash and did not shy away from telling me so. Because I
wanted so desperately to be loved and accepted, I began to change myself
into the person he thought I should be. I started becoming a skeptic myself,
giving up the one thing that had probably been most important in my life up
to that point—my relationship with God, or Universal Consciousness as I

often thought of it. To be fair, however, some part of me was already starting
to question the concepts of reincarnation, karma, and enlightenment I had put
so much faith in during my New Age childhood. Who could say whether
these ideas were real or merely wishful thinking—a type of feel-good science
fiction? John’s skeptical nature was the perfect springboard for my crisis of
faith, and I dove right in.
Shortly after starting our relationship, I dropped all spiritual pursuits and
enrolled in graduate school at Berkeley to become a research psychologist.
Rationality became my new God. This period lasted about seven years. What
I didn’t realize, of course, was how firmly my heart shut down when I closed
off the door to spirituality. My rational mind alone was not enough to make
me happy, but I didn’t know it. I wasn’t happy in my marriage, either, but
because it was stable and there were no obvious problems, my dissatisfaction
remained largely unconscious. I had never experienced what it felt like to be
really seen, cherished, and loved by a man for who I was. So I assumed that
having someone who didn’t leave me was as good as it got.
Until I met someone who did actually understand and appreciate the real
me, that is—an older man (let’s call him Peter) who was wiser and more
experienced than I. After a friendship that grew increasingly close over about
a year, Peter and I started having an affair. I could tell things to Peter that I
had never felt safe telling to anyone before, and it made him love me even
more. In one way I was happier with Peter than I ever had been in my life.
My heart broke wide open and I felt a joy, an aliveness, a self-acceptance
more intense than I had ever thought possible. My spiritual side was
reawakened. I felt whole and complete for the first time in a long while. The
fact that Peter was so much older than me also played into it, no doubt. His
desire for me was probably some sort of substitute for feeling unwanted by
my father.
Because I felt so terrible about being unfaithful to John, however, I
couldn’t really acknowledge what was happening, even to myself. My selfjudgment made it impossible to own up to what I was doing—such a
damning self-portrait was just too painful. It was as if I had developed a split
personality, with each side of my life completely disconnected and out of
touch with the other. There was an awful period of lying and self-deception
that lasted about three months, and I was actually relieved when we were
finally found out.

To make a long story short, I left John for Peter, believing that surely we
must be soul mates destined to be together forever. How else could I justify
the horrible pain I had caused my husband if it wasn’t for something pure and
noble? Peter, however, did not leave his wife for me.
I sank to one of the lowest points in my life. I hated myself for hurting
John so deeply, but I also hated Peter for not making an honest—or at least
partially honest—woman out of me. Thank goodness I had already arranged
to spend a year studying in India to conduct my dissertation research. (It was
on reasoning about rights and responsibilities within Indian marriages, and
no, the irony was not lost on me.) The time abroad afforded me the
opportunity to get away for a while and lick my wounds. It was in India that I
met Rupert, a British travel writer working on a guidebook to the region.
Even though I told him I was an emotional mess and that he shouldn’t touch
me with a ten-foot pole—which for him was like waving a red flag at a bull
—it somehow worked out between us.
But when I eventually returned to Berkeley to finish my dissertation, I
still had to face up to the chaos I had left behind. Apologizing to John didn’t
help. He was still furious and not about to forgive me. He still hasn’t to this
day. But blaming things on Peter didn’t help either. And I couldn’t remain
angry once I learned that he had developed cancer shortly after our breakup
and only had a few months left to live.
It was precisely at this point that I started learning about self-compassion
in my weekly Buddhist forays, and you can imagine what a lifesaver it was
for me. I started to judge myself a little less, to have compassion for my early
childhood wounds, and to accept the limitations that led to my unfaithfulness.
I wish I had been mature enough to realize that my marriage wasn’t working
and been able to choose a more honorable way of making a change. I wish I
had been wise enough to see that the source of the aliveness and passion I had
discovered wasn’t in my lover, but in myself. But I wasn’t able to do so at the
time. I failed to live up to my ideals, and that was a very human thing to do.
It was hard for me to let go of my self-criticism though. Looking back, I
see that I was trying to salvage my self-esteem in a convoluted way. At least
the part of me that was constantly judging and criticizing myself was good,
even if the rest of me was bad.
Another stumbling block was the belief that if I forgave myself it would
just amount to letting myself off the hook. But to my surprise I found that

when I started to accept myself with more kindness and compassion, I could
actually be more honest about the ways in which I had harmed others. Not
only John, but also Peter and his wife. Peter, being more worldly and
experienced than I was, had realized that my first flush of passion for a much
older man was unlikely to last. I have to admit he was probably right. In some
ways I was just using Peter as an escape route from an unhappy marriage.
Though I didn’t realize it at the time, I probably would have left him once
that goal was accomplished. It was the right choice for him to stay with his
wife, who was rock solid and his main source of strength during his months
of chemotherapy.
What amazed me about my newfound practice of self-compassion was
the incredible ability it gave me to see myself clearly, and to learn from the
mistakes I had made. Once I stopped cringing and found the bravery to look
closely, I could see more precisely where I had gone wrong. With the
blessing of my fiancé—Rupert—I took several long, peaceful mountain
walks with Peter and we came to a place of mutual understanding, the
urgency of our discussions being intensified by Peter’s impending death. I
could understand why I had made the choices I did, and why Peter had made
the choices he did. It wasn’t pretty, but it was how life had unfolded.
After Peter passed away, I could finally let go of my shame and selfjudgment. I saw that relentlessly attacking myself for my weakness and
immaturity was a complete waste of time and wasn’t helping myself or
anybody else. I realized that by giving myself kindness and understanding, I
could start to heal. This new place of inner warmth, peace, and emotional
stability not only brought me great happiness, it also allowed me to give more
in my relationship with Rupert.

A Precious Gift
Self-compassion is a gift available to anyone willing to open up to
themselves. When we develop the habit of self-kindness, suffering becomes
an opportunity to experience love and tenderness from within. No matter how
difficult things get, we can always wrap our torn and tattered selves in our
own soft embrace. We can soothe and comfort our own pain, just as a child is
soothed and comforted by her mother’s arms. We don’t have to wait until we

are perfect, until life goes exactly as we want it to. We don’t need others to
respond with care and compassion in order to feel worthy of love. We don’t
need to look outside ourselves for the acceptance and security we crave. This
is not to say that we don’t need other people. Of course we do. But who is in
the best position to know how you really feel underneath that cheerful
façade? Who is most likely to know the full extent of the pain and fear you
face, to know what you need most? Who is the only person in your life who
is available 24/7 to provide you with care and kindness? You.

Chapter Four

WE’RE ALL IN THIS TOGETHER
A human being is part of the whole, called by us “Universe,” a part
limited in time and space. He experiences himself, his thoughts and
feelings, as something separate from the rest—a kind of optical
delusion of consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us,
restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few
persons nearest to us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this
prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living
creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.
—EINSTEIN, The Einstein Papers

THE SECOND FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENT OF SELF-COMPASSION IS RECOGNITION of
the common human experience. Acknowledgment of the interconnected
nature of our lives—indeed of life itself—helps to distinguish selfcompassion from mere self-acceptance or self-love. Although self-acceptance
and self-love are important, they are incomplete by themselves. They leave
out an essential factor—other people. Compassion is, by definition,
relational. Compassion literally means “to suffer with,” which implies a basic
mutuality in the experience of suffering. The emotion of compassion springs
from the recognition that the human experience is imperfect. Why else would
we say “it’s only human” to comfort someone who has made a mistake? Selfcompassion honors the fact that all human beings are fallible, that wrong
choices and feelings of regret are inevitable, no matter how high and mighty
one is. (As the saying goes, a clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad
memory.)

When we’re in touch with our common humanity, we remember that
feelings of inadequacy and disappointment are shared by all. This is what
distinguishes self-compassion from self-pity. Whereas self-pity says “poor
me,” self-compassion remembers that everyone suffers, and it offers comfort
because everyone is human. The pain I feel in difficult times is the same pain
that you feel in difficult times. The triggers are different, the circumstances
are different, the degree of pain is different, but the process is the same. You
can’t always get what you want. This is true for everyone, even the Rolling
Stones.
We often become scared and angry when we focus on undesired aspects
of ourselves or our lives. We feel helpless and frustrated by our inability to
control things—to get what we want, to be who we want to be. We rail
against things as they are, and we cling to our narrow vision of how things
should be. Every single human is in the same boat. The beauty of recognizing
this basic fact of life—the silver lining so to speak—is that it provides deep
insight into the shared human condition.

Isolated and Alone
Sadly, however, most people don’t focus on what they have in common with
others, especially when they feel ashamed or inadequate. Rather than framing
their imperfection in light of the shared human experience, they’re more
likely to feel isolated and disconnected from the world around them when
they fail.
When we focus on our shortcomings without taking the bigger human
picture into account, our perspective tends to narrow. We become absorbed
by our own feelings of insufficiency and insecurity. When we’re in the
confined space of self-loathing, it’s as if the rest of humanity doesn’t even
exist. This isn’t a logical thought process, but a type of emotional tunnel
vision. Somehow it feels like I am the only one who is being dumped, proven
wrong, or made a fool of. As Tara Brach (author of Radical Acceptance)
writes: “Feeling unworthy goes hand in hand with feeling separate from
others, separate from life. If we are defective, how can we possibly belong? It
seems like a vicious cycle: the more deficient we feel, the more separate and
vulnerable we feel.”

And even when we’re having a painful experience that is not our fault—
perhaps we’ve been laid off our job because of an economic downturn, for
instance—we often irrationally feel that the rest of the world is happily
employed while it’s only me sitting at home watching reruns all day. Or
when we become ill, it feels like sickness is an unusual, abnormal state (like
the dying eighty-four-year-old man whose final words were “why me?”).
Once we fall into the trap of believing that things are “supposed” to go well,
we tend to think something has gone terribly amiss when they suddenly
don’t. Again, this isn’t a conscious thought process but a hidden assumption
that colors our emotional reactions. If we were to take a completely logical
approach to the issue, we’d consider the fact that thousands of things can go
wrong in life at any one time, so it’s highly likely—in fact inevitable—that
we’ll experience hardships on a regular basis. But we don’t tend to be
rational about these matters. Instead, we suffer, and we feel all alone in our
suffering.

The Need to Belong
Abraham Maslow was a well-known American psychologist working in the
mid-twentieth century who led the humanistic psychology movement. He
argued that needs for individual growth and happiness can’t be met without
first satisfying the more basic need for human connection. Without bonds of
love and affection with others, he argued, we cannot go on to achieve our full
potential as human beings. Similarly, psychoanalyst Heinz Kohut, who
developed a model called “self psychology” in the early 1970s, proposed that
belongingness was one of the core needs of the self. He defined
belongingness as the feeling of being “human among humans,” a feeling that
allows us to feel connected to other people. One of the major causes of
mental health problems, he felt, was a lack of belongingness, the perception
that we are cut off from our fellows.
Loneliness stems from the feeling that we don’t belong, whether or not
we’re in the presence of others. If you attend a large party where you don’t
quite fit in, you’re still likely to feel alone. Loneliness comes from feeling
disconnected from others, even if they’re only inches away. Public speaking
anxiety, the number one phobia experienced in our culture, is also caused by

fear of rejection and isolation. Why does the instruction to imagine your
audience in their underwear work? Because it reminds you that the audience
is vulnerable and imperfect too, and the image boosts your sense of shared
humanity.
Even the fear of death itself stems largely from apprehension about losing
companionship, closeness, and relationships to others. And feelings of
isolation can actually help make that fear a reality. Research indicates that
social isolation increases the risk of coronary heart disease by two or three
times. In contrast, involvement in a support group lessens the anxiety and
depression experienced by cancer victims, while increasing their long-term
chances of survival. One of the key reasons support groups are so effective is
because members feel less isolated throughout their ordeal. The need to
belong, therefore, is fundamental to both physical and emotional health.
Feelings of connectedness, like feelings of kindness, activate the brain’s
attachment system. The “befriend” part of the “tend and befriend” instinct has
to do with the human tendency to affiliate, to come together in groups in
order to feel secure. For this reason, people who feel connected to others are
not as frightened by difficult life circumstances and are more readily able to
roll with the punches.
Of course, it’s wonderful when we can get our need to belong met by
loved ones such as friends or family. But if you’re someone who has trouble
sustaining good relationships, this type of social support may be missing in
your life. And even in the best of circumstances, other people aren’t always
able to make us feel that we belong and are accepted. In the cavernous halls
of our own minds, we may feel isolated in any moment, even if this isn’t the
way things actually are. Our fears and self-judgments are like blinders that
often prevent us from seeing the hands that are being held out to help us. We
may also be ashamed to admit our feelings of inadequacy to those we love,
for fear that they wouldn’t love us anymore if they knew the way we really
were. Hiding our true selves from others then makes us feel even more alone.
That’s why it’s so important to transform our relationship with ourselves
by recognizing our inherent interconnectedness. If we can compassionately
remind ourselves in moments of falling down that failure is part of the shared
human experience, then that moment becomes one of togetherness rather than
isolation. When our troubled, painful experiences are framed by the
recognition that countless others have undergone similar hardships, the blow

is softened. The pain still hurts, but it doesn’t become compounded by
feelings of separation. Sadly, however, our culture tells us to notice how we
are unique from others, not how we are the same.

The Comparison Game
Because our culture demands that we perceive ourselves as “special and
above average,” we routinely engage in an egoistic process of social
comparison with others. When we’re deeply invested in seeing ourselves
positively, we tend to feel threatened if others do better than we do.
Liz, for instance, felt great after getting her first annual review at her new
job. The report praised her hard work and effort and also promised a 5
percent raise starting the next fiscal year. Elated, she rang her boyfriend with
the news. “Fantastic!” he said. “I’ll have the champagne ready when you get
home.” Later in the parking lot, however, Liz overheard a colleague talking
excitedly on her cell phone. “The report said I was the most promising new
employee of the year! And get this, they’re giving me a 10 percent raise!
That’s twice the 5 percent everyone else gets. Isn’t that amazing?” In half a
second Liz went from feeling fabulous to feeling like a complete failure.
Instead of celebrating her good fortune with her boyfriend when she got
home, she ended up crying on his shoulder.
One of the saddest consequences of social comparison is how we distance
ourselves from people whose success makes us feel bad about ourselves.
Interestingly, one study found this to be true both literally and figuratively.
Researchers told study participants they were assessing student interest in and
knowledge of various topics for an upcoming College Bowl competition.
Students thought they were being tested in pairs, but the other student was
really part of the research team. A mock competition was held, and students
fielded a series of questions about topics such as rock music or football. The
experimenters told students either that they had outperformed their partner, or
else that their partner had outperformed them. Next, experimenters assessed
how close participants felt to their study partner by asking how much they
thought they had in common and how much they wanted to work with their
partner in the future. They even looked at how physically close they sat to
their partner when both were moved to another room. Students felt more

distant from partners, and also sat farther away from them, when they were
told that they had been outperformed.
The sad irony is that the very reason we want to succeed in the first place
is because we want to feel accepted and worthy, to be close to others, to feel
that we belong. It’s a classic catch-22. The very act of competing with others
for success sets up an unwinnable situation in which the feelings of
connectedness we crave are forever out of reach.

Us Against Them
And we don’t just compare ourselves to other individuals. We also compare
the groups we belong to—Americans, Russians, Republicans, Democrats,
Christians, Muslims, and so on—to other groups. That’s why we tend to wear
the mantle of our group affiliations on our sleeves (or our car bumpers). Our
sense of self is imbued with social labels that define us and make us feel safe
and accepted within clearly defined group boundaries. Although a sense of
belongingness can be found within these group identities, it is still limited. As
long as we’re identifying with subsets of people rather than the entire human
race, we’re creating divisions that separate us from our fellows.
Sadly, these divisions often lead to prejudice and hatred. Just as we like to
feel we are superior and above average in terms of personal traits, we also
like to feel that our groups are superior to others. According to Henri Tajfel’s
social identity theory, when we incorporate a group into our identity, we
derive our sense of self-worth from being a member of that group. We
therefore become heavily invested in seeing “us” positively and “them”
negatively. It’s our investment in social identities that underlies group
discrimination and racism. The reason I want to see your gender-ethnicracial-political-national group as inferior is because it validates the
preeminence of my own group, thereby giving me a sense of pride and
righteous superiority. When the Ku Klux Klan member dons his white hood
and robe, or the would-be terrorist attends a hate rally, his sense of self-worth
gets a hit more powerful—and more dangerous—than any drug.
Tajfel’s research showed that the process of group prejudice occurs even
when the groups we belong to are based on arbitrary criteria. For instance,
putting people into different groups based on their preference for the abstract

artists Klee or Kandinsky, or even based on the flip of a coin, leads people to
like their own group members better, to provide them with more resources,
and to distrust members of the other group.
Group identity lies at the root of most violent conflicts—whether it’s a
scuffle between two local high school football teams or a full-scale
international war. Tajfel understood the ramifications of this type of group
bias firsthand. A Polish Jew who studied at the Sorbonne in Paris during the
outbreak of World War II, he was drafted into the French army and captured
by the Nazis. He was put in a prisoner of war camp but survived only because
no one discovered he was Jewish. Most of his friends and family back in
Poland were killed, however. The Holocaust was one of the worst—but sadly
not the last—examples of the degree to which people can mistreat each other
by classifying the self and others into distinct groups.
Fortunately, psychologists have discovered that when our sense of
belonging extends to the whole human community rather than stopping at the
boundaries of our own social groups, conflict is dramatically lessened. As
long as we recognize that we are interconnected rather than distinct entities,
understanding and forgiveness can be extended to oneself and others with
fewer barriers in between. One study illustrates this point quite well. Jewish
college students were asked about their willingness to forgive modern-day
Germans for what happened in the Holocaust. The study had two conditions
—either the Holocaust was described as an event in which Germans behaved
aggressively toward Jews, or as an event in which humans behaved
aggressively toward other humans. The Jewish participants were more
willing to forgive modern-day Germans when the event was described as
occurring between humans rather than distinct social groups, and they also
saw Germans as more similar to themselves in this condition. By simply
shifting our frame of reference from distinctiveness to similarity with others,
we can dramatically alter our perceptions and emotional reactions.
There’s a wonderful program called Challenge Day that provides a
powerful experience of common humanity for adolescents. The program puts
a group of high school students through a daylong series of activities
designed to promote feelings of connectedness with their peers. In an
exercise called “Lines that divide us,” for example, teens are asked to line up
on one side of the school gym. Then, a team leader calls out a series of
painful experiences and asks people to cross over to the other side of the gym

if they’ve ever had that experience. Each event is called out slowly, providing
ample time for everyone to see who among them has suffered as they have.
“Please cross the line if you’ve ever felt hurt or judged because of the color
of your skin. . . . Been humiliated in a classroom by a teacher or a student. . . .
Been bullied or teased or hurt for wearing glasses, braces, a hearing aid . . .
for the way that you talked, for the clothes that you wore, or for the shape,
size, or appearance of your body.” At some point, almost every single person
in the room crosses the line, making it vividly clear that all teens suffer from
judgmental cruelty at one point or another. Typically, even the toughest kids
will tear up after participating in the exercise, as compassion flows for
themselves and others. The experience shatters the imaginary walls that make
teens feel all alone, allowing them to realize that their sense of isolation has
been an illusion, and lessening the chance of conflicts between them.
This is why the recognition of common humanity embedded in selfcompassion is such a powerful healing force. When our sense of self-worth
and belonging is grounded in simply being human, we can’t be rejected or
cast out by others. Our humanity can never be taken away from us, no matter
how far we fall. The very fact that we are imperfect affirms that we are cardcarrying members of the human race and are therefore always, automatically,
connected to the whole.

The Illusion of Perfection
All too often, however, our minds fool us into thinking that we can, and in
fact should, be other than we are. Nobody likes to feel they’re flawed. But for
some, imperfection is especially hard to bear. Perfectionism is defined as the
compulsive need to achieve and accomplish one’s goals, with no allowance
for falling short of one’s ideals. Perfectionists experience enormous stress
and anxiety about getting things exactly right, and they feel devastated when
they don’t. The unrealistically high expectations of perfectionists mean that
they will inevitably be disappointed. By seeing things in black-and-white
terms—either I’m perfect or I’m worthless—perfectionists are continually
dissatisfied with themselves.
Tom, for example, was a writer who made a decent living writing
historical fiction novels, but he had never had a major success. While able to

pay his living expenses from his royalties (no mean feat for a writer), Tom
felt he wouldn’t be satisfied until he had written a national best seller. Then,
finally, he got his big break. His latest novel got a glowing review from the
New York Times, and shortly thereafter he was invited for interviews on
various TV and radio stations. Sales of his book started to take off. It didn’t
take long before he started to envision the words “Number one best-selling
novel” written on the cover of the paperback edition. Although he did see a
peak in sales, and the book did in fact make the best-seller list (number 23),
Tom still wasn’t happy. He could only focus on the fact that his sales weren’t
higher. He wasn’t number one, he wasn’t even in the top ten. Ironically, Tom
felt more depressed after his sales went up than before, the possibility of
being “the best” now having been firmly entrenched in his mind. Good just
wasn’t good enough, so he ended up feeling like a failure even though in fact
he was a bona fide success. Tom’s story highlights the insidious nature of
perfectionism, and the suffering it so often causes.
So does perfectionism have an upside? The positive aspect of
perfectionism has to do with the determination to do your best. Striving to
achieve and setting high standards for yourself can be a productive and
healthy trait. But when your entire sense of self-worth is based on being
productive and successful, when failure is simply not allowed, then the
striving to achieve becomes tyrannical. And counterproductive. Research
indicates that perfectionists are at much greater risk for eating disorders,
anxiety, depression, and a whole host of other psychological problems.
If we were perfect, we wouldn’t be human; we’d be Barbie and Ken—
plastic figurines that look good but are also dead as doorknobs. Warm,
breathing, human life is a constantly unfolding wonder, not a static state of
flawless sameness. Being alive involves struggle and despair as well as joy
and glory. To demand perfection is to turn our backs on real life, the full
range of human experience. And perfection is boring! The popular YouTube
character Kelly (an adolescent girl played by comedian Liam Kyle Sullivan)
captures this sentiment perfectly when she says in a typically bored teen-girl
voice: “I’ve already been to heaven. After five minutes I was like, let’s go!”
Isn’t it so true? Would you really want to inhabit a world where everything
and everyone was absolutely perfect? It’s precisely because of the unwanted
and unexpected that our lives have such intrigue and interest.
Imperfection also makes growth and learning possible. Like it or not, the

main way we learn is by falling flat on our face, just as we did when we first
learned to walk. Our parents may tell us a million times not to touch that hot
stove, but it’s only after we actually burn ourselves that we really understand
why it’s not such a great idea. The learning opportunities provided by failure
can actually help us to achieve our dreams. In the words of restaurateur
Wolfgang Puck, “I learned more from the one restaurant that didn’t work
than from all the ones that were successes.” Yes, failure is frustrating. But it’s
also temporary and eventually yields wisdom. We can think of failure as part
of life’s apprenticeship. If we were perfect and had all the answers, we’d
never get to ask questions, and we wouldn’t be able to discover anything
new.

Interconnectedness
When we judge ourselves for our inadequacies, we typically assume that
there is in fact a separate, clearly bounded entity called “me” that can be
blamed for failing. But is this really true? Who we are, how we think, and
what we do is inextricably interwoven with other people and events, which
makes the assignment of blame quite ambiguous. Let’s say you have an anger
issue that you habitually criticize yourself for. What are the causes and
conditions that led you to be so angry? Perhaps inborn genetics plays a role.
But did you choose your genes before entering this world? Of course not,
your genetic makeup stems from factors completely beyond your control. Or
maybe you grew up in a conflict-filled household in which shouting and
anger were the only ways to get heard. But did you choose for your family to
be this way?
If we closely examine our “personal” failings, it soon becomes clear that
they are not there by choice. Typically, outside circumstances conspired to
form our particular patterns without our input. If you had control over your
maladaptive thoughts, emotions, and behaviors, you wouldn’t still have them.
You would have already jettisoned your dark, anxious, neurotic persona and
become a calm, confident ray of sunshine. Clearly you don’t have complete
control over your actions, or else you’d only act in ways that you approved
of. So why are you judging yourself so harshly for the way you are?
We are the expression of millions of prior circumstances that have all

come together to shape us in the present moment. Our economic and social
background, our past associations and conversations, our culture, our family
history, our genetics—they’ve all had a profound role in creating the person
we are today. Zen master Thich Nhat Hahn calls this “interbeing.”
If you are a poet, you will see clearly that there is a cloud floating
in this sheet of paper. Without a cloud there will be no water;
without water, the trees cannot grow; and without trees, you cannot
make paper. So the cloud is in here. The existence of this page is
dependent upon the existence of a cloud. Paper and cloud are so
close.
Many people are scared to acknowledge their essential
interconnectedness, because it means they must admit they don’t have
complete control over how they think and act. This makes them feel
powerless. However, the illusion of being in control is just that—an illusion.
And a harmful one at that, because it encourages self-judgment and selfblame. In reality, it doesn’t make any more sense to harshly blame ourselves
than it does to blame a hurricane. Despite the fact that we give hurricanes
names like Katrina and Rita, a hurricane isn’t a self-contained unit. A
hurricane is an impermanent, ever-changing phenomenon arising out of a
particular set of interacting conditions—air pressure, ground temperature,
humidity, wind, and so on. The same applies to us: we aren’t self-contained
units either. Like weather patterns, we are also an impermanent, everchanging phenomenon arising out of a particular set of interacting conditions.
Without food, water, air, and shelter, we’d be dead. Without our genes,
family, friends, social history, and culture, we wouldn’t act or feel as we do.
When we recognize that we are the product of countless factors that we
don’t normally identify with, we don’t need to take our “personal failings” so
personally. When we acknowledge the intricate web of causes and conditions
in which we are all imbedded, we can be less judgmental of ourselves and
others. A deep understanding of interbeing allows us to have compassion for
the fact that we’re doing the best we can given the hand life has dealt us.
“But” is often the interjection at this point. What’s wrong with judgment?
Don’t we need judgment to figure out right from wrong? To take personal
responsibility for our mistakes?

It’s useful here to draw a distinction between judgment and
discriminating wisdom. Discriminating wisdom recognizes when things are
harmful or unjust, but also recognizes the causes and conditions that lead to
situations of harm or injustice in the first place. When wrongdoers are treated
with compassion rather than harsh condemnation, cycles of conflict and
suffering can be broken.
Imagine hearing a story about a young man who robs a bank and shoots a
teller in the arm as she tries to call for help. At first you might make a
ruthless judgment of the man—he’s a monster and should be locked in jail for
eternity. End of story. But then, you learn more about the criminal’s
background and history. His parents were drug addicts. By eleven he was out
on the streets in a neighborhood where he had to fight and steal to survive.
He tried to get a job and go straight but kept getting fired because he didn’t
know how to read or write properly, and eventually he turned to crime again.
Your hard-line attitude toward the offender might begin to soften. You might
even come to have compassion for him. This compassion wouldn’t mean that
you absolve the man of responsibility for his crimes, or think that what he did
was okay. You might still decide that he needs to be put away in prison to
ensure the safety of society. But you would have a deeper understanding of
the conditions that led him to act as he did, and you would retain respect for
his humanity in the process. And who knows, it’s even possible that with the
right help and encouragement—in other words, a new set of conditions—he
could change.
This is discriminating wisdom rather than judgment. Judgment defines
people as bad versus good and tries to capture their essential nature with
simplistic labels. Discriminating wisdom recognizes complexity and
ambiguity. It acknowledges that life has unfolded in such a way as to cause
something to happen, but also allows for the possibility that with a new set of
circumstances things might well go differently.
Jesus famously said, “Let him who is without sin cast the first stone.”
And later, as he hung dying on the cross, he said, “Father, forgive them, for
they know not what they do.” The message was clear: we need to have
understanding and compassion for even the worst wrongdoers, ourselves
included.

Exercise One
Letting Go of Our Self-Definitions by
Identifying Our Interconnectedness
Think about a trait that you often judge yourself for, and that is an
important part of your self-definition. For example, you may think
of yourself as a shy person, lazy, angry, and so on. Then ask
yourself the following questions:
1. How often do you display this trait—most of the time,
sometimes, only occasionally? Who are you when you don’t
display the trait? Are you still you?
2. Are there particular circumstances that seem to draw out the
trait, and others in which the trait is not apparent? Does this trait
really define you if particular circumstances must be present in
order for the trait to emerge?
3. What are the various causes and conditions that led to having
the trait in the first place (early family experiences, genetics, life
pressures, etc.)? If these “outside” forces were partly responsible
for you having this trait, is it accurate to think of the trait as
reflecting the inner you?
4. Did you choose to have this trait, and do you have much
choice about whether or not you display this trait? If not, why are
you judging yourself for this trait?
5. What happens when you reframe your self-description so that
you are not defining yourself in terms of the trait? For example,
instead of saying “I am an angry person,” what happens when you
say “Sometimes, in certain circumstances, I get angry.” By not
identifying so strongly with this trait, does anything change? Can
you sense any more space, freedom, peace of mind?
We are all subject to human limitations. Every single one of us is in the
same predicament. The British novelist Jerome K. Jerome once wrote, “It is
in our faults and failings, not in our virtues, that we touch each other, and
find sympathy. It is in our follies that we are one.” In recognizing the shared
nature of our imperfection, self-compassion provides the sense of

connectedness needed to truly thrive and reach our full potential. Instead of
looking outside ourselves for a sense of acceptance and belonging, we can
directly satisfy these needs by looking within.

My Story: What’s Normal, Anyway?
The practice of self-compassion, and especially of remembering our shared
humanity, helped me deal with the greatest challenge in my life so far. A
couple of years after getting a job at the University of Texas at Austin, I gave
birth to a beautiful little boy named Rowan. At eighteen months, we knew
there was something wrong with him. He wasn’t pointing, something most
babies do by their first birthday. He didn’t turn his head when we called his
name, didn’t call me Mama, didn’t call me anything at all. He only had about
five words—all starting with the letter B—and a few names, mostly of
Thomas the Tank engine trains. He would spend hours obsessively lining up
his toy animals. He would tantrum violently at the drop of a hat. I’d known
parenthood would be hard, but not this hard. Why couldn’t I stop his
disruptive behaviors? Was it because I was a bad mother? Was I not being
firm enough?
I did wonder whether Rowan might have some sort of developmental
disorder. Could it be hearing problems, speech delay, central auditory
processing disorder? I took him to all sorts of specialists. Ordered any book I
thought might help. Did anything and everything except seriously investigate
if Rowan was showing signs of autism. Looking back, I must have
unconsciously suspected he was autistic, but my conscious mind wouldn’t
allow me to admit it. Whatever’s wrong with Rowan, I thought, there’s no
way that this adorable, charming, funny child could be autistic. After all, he
was so loving and affectionate, and he made direct eye contact. Autistic
children aren’t supposed to do that, are they? I remember once after Rowan
gave me one of his beautiful, heartwarming smiles, I even half-jokingly said
to my husband, Rupert—“At least we know he’s not autistic!”
Then one day, as I was packing for a silent meditation retreat that was to
start later that afternoon, I couldn’t ignore the nagging worry any longer. I
took a few deep breaths, turned toward the computer, and typed in the words
“Autism, early signs of.” The web page said that if your child showed at least

three out of a list of ten signs, he or she had a good chance of being autistic
and should be taken in for professional evaluation as soon as possible. Rowan
had nine out of ten. Lack of eye contact was the only sign he didn’t have.
At that moment, I knew Rowan was autistic. I called Rupert and told him.
He was as stunned as I was. “I’ll cancel my retreat,” I said. “No, you should
go,” he said. “You need it. And I’ll need you to be strong and centered so you
can help me when you get back.” I cried during the entire two-hour drive to
the retreat center, and for the next four days I quite literally sat with the pain
of knowing my son was autistic. “How can this be happening?” “Is Rowan
slipping away from us?” “How are we going to cope?” I allowed myself to
fully feel my fear and grief. I gave myself as much loving-kindness and
compassion as I could. If a guilty thought would creep in—“How can I be
grieving for Rowan, when I love him so much?”—I wouldn’t allow myself to
run away with self-judgment. My feelings of grief were only natural,
something all parents in such situations go through.
When I got back from the retreat, Rupert and I had to deal with the fact
that this was now our life. All our dreams of having the perfect son—we
assumed that he would go on to get a Ph.D. like me, of course, or maybe
become a successful writer like his father—flew out the window. We had an
autistic child.
I freely admit that at times, the experience pushed me into self-pity. When
at the park with Rowan, for instance, watching other moms with their
“normal” kids, I would start to feel very sorry for myself. Why can’t I have a
normal child? Why can’t Rowan even respond when another child asks him
his name? Why are the other kids making faces at how weird he’s being? I
would start to feel isolated, alone, cut off from the world of “normal”
families. I found myself internally screaming, “HAVING CHILDREN IS NOT
SUPPOSED TO BE THIS WAY! THIS IS NOT THE PLAN I SIGNED UP
FOR! WHY ME?” But luckily self-compassion saved me from going too far
down this path. While watching the other kids playing on the swings or
swooshing down the slide, I would remind myself that most families had
difficulties raising their kids. Maybe the challenge wasn’t autism, but it could
be any number of other issues—depression, eating disorders, drug addiction,
being bullied at school, serious illness. I would look at the other families at
the park and remember that they surely had their woes and sorrows too, if not
now then sometime in the future. Instead of feeling “poor me,” I would try to

open my heart to all parents everywhere who were trying to do their best in
challenging circumstances. What about the millions of parents in developing
countries whose children didn’t even have enough to eat? I certainly wasn’t
the only one having a hard time.
Two things would happen as a result of this line of thinking. First, I
would begin to feel deeply in touch with the unpredictability of being human.
My heart would swell up with tenderness for all the challenges and sorrows
involved in being a parent, but also for all the joy, love, and wonder that
children bring us. Second, my situation was put into much clearer
perspective. Rather than falling into the trap of believing that other parents
were having an easier time than I was, I remembered that it could be worse—
much worse. In the overall scheme of things, autism wasn’t so bad, and there
were things we could do to help Rowan tremendously. The real gift of selfcompassion, in fact, was that it gave me the equanimity needed to take
actions that did ultimately help him.
Perhaps more important, focusing on common humanity helped me to
love Rowan for who he was. Once I remembered that having problems and
challenges was normal, I could more easily get over the disappointment of
not having a “normal” child.
And what is “normal” anyway? Maybe Rowan had difficulty expressing
himself with language, or engaging in appropriate social interactions, but he
was a loving, happy kid. Being human is not about being any one particular
way; it is about being as life creates you—with your own particular strengths
and weaknesses, gifts and challenges, quirks and oddities. By accepting and
embracing the human condition, I could better accept and embrace Rowan
and also my role as the mother of an autistic child.

Chapter Five

BEING MINDFUL OF WHAT IS
You can’t stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
—JON KABAT-ZINN, Wherever You Go, There You Are

THE THIRD KEY INGREDIENT OF SELF-COMPASSION IS MINDFULNESS. Mindfulness
refers to the clear seeing and nonjudgmental acceptance of what’s occurring
in the present moment. Facing up to reality, in other words. The idea is that
we need to see things as they are, no more, no less, in order to respond to our
current situation in the most compassionate—and therefore effective—
manner.

Stopping to Notice Moments of Suffering
To give ourselves compassion, we first have to recognize that we are
suffering. We can’t heal what we can’t feel. As mentioned earlier, we often
fail to recognize feelings of guilt, defectiveness, sadness, loneliness, and so
on, as moments of suffering that can be responded to with compassion. When
you look in the mirror and decide you’re too short, or that your nose is too
big, do you immediately tell yourself that these feelings of inadequacy are
painful and deserving of a kind, caring response? When your boss calls you
into his office and tells you that your job performance is below par, is your
first instinct to comfort yourself for going through such a difficult
experience? Probably not.
We certainly feel the sting of falling short of our ideals, but our mind
tends to focus on the failure itself, rather than the pain caused by failure. This

is a crucial difference. The moment we see something about ourselves we
don’t like, our attention tends to become completely absorbed by our
perceived flaws. In that moment, we don’t have the perspective needed to
recognize the suffering caused by our feelings of imperfection, let alone to
respond to them with compassion.
And it’s not just the pain of personal inadequacy that we tend to ignore.
We are surprisingly brusque toward ourselves when the more general
circumstances of our life go wrong through no fault of our own. Let’s say
your mother becomes seriously ill, or you get rear-ended on the freeway.
Most people, even if they don’t blame themselves for their current
circumstances, tend to immediately go into problem-solving mode in such
situations. We are likely to spend enormous amounts of time and energy
dealing with the crisis, making doctors appointments, calling insurance
companies, and so on. Although all this is certainly necessary, it’s also very
important to recognize that these experiences take a lot out of us emotionally.
We need to stop for a breath or two and acknowledge that we’re having a
hard time, and that our pain is deserving of a kind, caring response.
Otherwise, our suffering will go unattended, and feelings of stress and worry
will only mount. We risk getting burned out, exhausted, and overwhelmed,
because we’re spending all our energy trying to fix external problems without
remembering to refresh ourselves internally.
It’s not surprising that we often ignore our own pain, given that we’re
physiologically programmed to avoid it. Pain signals that something is
wrong, triggering our fight-or-flight response. It screams PROBLEM, GET
AWAY, DANGER!!! Imagine if pain couldn’t signal something as basic as
“finger caught in car door, open door and remove finger immediately!”
Because of our innate tendency to move away from pain, it can be extremely
difficult to turn toward our pain, to hold it, to be with it as it is. This is why
so many people shut themselves off from their emotions. It’s a very natural
thing to do.
Jacob was one of these people. He avoided conflict and was quick to
appease anyone who showed any signs of getting upset. He just didn’t want
to deal with any sort of emotional intensity. Jacob was a good man, but he
was unwilling to face up to the pain of his past. His mother had been a wellknown television actress who was seriously devoted to her acting career. She
often left Jacob in the hands of nannies while she worked on various

production sets. On an unconscious level, Jacob deeply resented all the time
his mother spent away from him, feeling that she prioritized her career over
him. If he were to allow his feelings of anger in, however, he was afraid he’d
start hating his mother, destroying the feelings of love and connection he felt
with her. So basically, he just suppressed his rage.
Several years ago, Jacob became depressed and entered therapy. The
therapist helped him to realize that his depression stemmed in part from the
deep wells of anger he was harboring toward his mother, and the effort it was
taking to repress his rage. What he needed was to get in touch with his true
feelings. When Jacob did finally turn toward his anger, however, rather than
simply holding it in mindful awareness, it took him over, and he ended up
wielding his anger like an assault rifle. He dove into his rage with full force,
getting more and more riled up as he thought about the “horrible” way his
mother had treated him. He started seeing her as a narcissistic monster—
Norma Desmond in Sunset Boulevard. In short, he became hysterical rather
than mindful. Unfortunately, this type of extreme pendulum swing is
common when people first start working with difficult emotions.

Running Away with Painful Feelings
Like Jacob, suppressing and then exploding with our emotions is something
most of us have experienced. I like to term this process “overidentification.”
Our sense of self becomes so wrapped up in our emotional reactions that our
entire reality is consumed by them. There’s no mental space left over to say,
“Gosh, I’m getting a bit worked up here. Maybe there’s another way to look
at this.” Rather than stepping back and objectively observing what’s
occurring, we’re lost in the thick of it. What we think and feel seems like a
direct perception of reality, and we forget that we are putting a personal spin
on things.
I remember once my mother and mother-in-law were both visiting from
out of town and they borrowed my car for an outing with my son, Rowan. I
have a silver Toyota hybrid with keyless technology, meaning that you just
have to hold the key near the car door and it will open. There is no button to
push or key to insert. This novel technology made them a bit nervous—they
just didn’t trust it. After going on the outing and coming back to the parking

lot, they tried holding the magical key thingy next to the car door and, of
course, it didn’t work. My mother tried the key over and over again, and
nothing happened. “See! You can’t rely on these newfangled gimmicks!”
They both got very upset—here they were, almost an hour from home,
stranded with a confused child, all because of some goddamned modern
technology. What were they to do?
They called the local Toyota dealership, who told them to call a
locksmith. Once the locksmith had been arranged and was on his way, they
saw a parking lot security person. Maybe he could help in the meantime. “Sir,
we’re locked out of our Toyota hybrid that has this weird key thing; have you
ever used one of these before?” The man looked at the key, then looked at the
car. “Uh, ladies, you said it was a Toyota hybrid? This car isn’t a hybrid. It
isn’t even a Toyota.” My car was actually three spaces down. They had
become so lost in their reactions that neither of them thought to take a very
sensible next step: checking to see whether they were trying to get into the
right car! In the immortal words of Charlie Chaplin, “Life is a tragedy when
seen in a close-up, but a comedy when seen in a long-shot.”
There’s another reason I call this process overidentification. Extreme
reactions—or perhaps more accurately, overreactions—are especially
common when the sense of self is involved. If I am afraid of other people
judging me—let’s say I have to give a public speech and am nervous about it
—then the feelings that come up when thinking about the speech will tend to
wildly distort reality. Rather than simply noticing that I am nervous, I might
create elaborate scenarios in my mind of rejection, people laughing at me,
throwing rotten vegetables, and so on.
What often drives this type of emotional overreaction is the attempt to
avoid seeing ourselves as flawed or “bad.” When our self-concept is
threatened, things ramp up very quickly. I can think of a recent example (very
recent, I must admit), of my own “overidentified” reaction. I thought I’d lost
an important tax certificate sent to me by the IRS, which I had applied for
months earlier and had just received in the mail. The deadline for filing the
certificate was fast approaching. I was about to send it to my accountant but
couldn’t find it anywhere. I looked and looked but to no avail. Panic ensued. I
was racked with anxiety. What a catastrophe! I’m in deep jeopardy! I became
angry, distraught—losing it, in other words. Underlying my reaction was the
fear that I was just a screwup, that my lack of organization skills (mail tends

to pile up on my kitchen table like leaves in autumn) had finally come back to
haunt me. Luckily, I eventually recognized what was happening and was able
to be mindful of my reactions. Yes, I was feeling anxious about losing the
certificate, but was it really all that bad? I could always ask the IRS for
another copy, which, though a hassle, wouldn’t be the end of the world. I
even managed to remember to have compassion for the anxiety I felt, and to
recognize that my life was very busy and I was actually pretty organized
considering everything. I stopped to comfort myself in this painful situation,
remembering that these things happen.
A few hours later, my husband, Rupert, came home with a sheepish look
on his face. He told me that he had accidentally used the back of the IRS
envelope for a shopping list, so it wasn’t really lost after all. Rather than
lambasting him, which I probably would have done if I was still wrestling
with the self-judgment that I was incompetent, I was able to laugh at the
whole situation. How often do we make mountains out of molehills? How
often do we create the illusion that things are worse than they really are? If
we can be mindful of our fears and anxieties rather than overidentifying with
them, we can save ourselves from a lot of unwarranted pain. As the
seventeenth-century French philosopher Montaigne once said, “My life has
been filled with terrible misfortune, most of which never happened.”
Mindfulness brings us back to the present moment and provides the type
of balanced awareness that forms the foundation of self-compassion. Like a
clear, still pool without ripples, mindfulness perfectly mirrors what’s
occurring without distortion. Rather than becoming lost in our own personal
soap opera, mindfulness allows us to view our situation with greater
perspective and helps to ensure that we don’t suffer unnecessarily.

Awareness of Awareness
When we notice our pain without exaggerating it, this is a moment of
mindfulness. Mindfulness entails observing what is going on in our field of
awareness just as it is—right here, right now. I remember quite clearly the
first time I experienced mindfulness. I was about twelve years old, home
alone after school. My mother had a copy of Ram Dass’s book Be Here Now
lying on the coffee table. Although the book had been there for several

months, one day, for whatever reason, I actually thought about what the
words meant. BE HERE NOW. Hmmm. I am here, and it is now. I walked
across the living room. Still here, still now. Then I walked into the kitchen.
Still here, still now. Where else could I be but here? When else could it be
but now? Then it dawned on me—there is only here and only now. No matter
where we go or what we do, we are here, now. I felt a giddy excitement and
ran around the house laughing with amazement. HERE! NOW! HERE!
NOW! HERE! NOW! I had gained insight into one of the most fundamental
truths of life—that conscious awareness only exists in the here and now.
Why is this important? Because this insight allows us to see that thoughts
about the past and the future are just that: thoughts. The past doesn’t exist
except in our memories, and the future doesn’t exist except in our
imagination. Rather than being lost in our train of thought, therefore, we can
take a step back and say—ahh, this is what I’m thinking, feeling, and
experiencing right now. We can awaken to the reality of the present moment.
Mindfulness is sometimes seen as a form of “meta-awareness,” which
means awareness of awareness. Instead of simply feeling anger, I am aware
that I am now feeling anger. Rather than just feeling the blister on my heel, I
am aware that I now feel the blister on my heel. Not only am I thinking about
what I’m going to say at the meeting tomorrow, I am aware that I’m now
thinking about what I’m going to say tomorrow. This may seem like a vague,
insubstantial distinction, but it makes all the difference in the world in terms
of our ability to respond effectively to difficult situations. When we can see
our situation with clarity and objectivity, we open the door to wisdom. When
our awareness narrows and gets lost in our thoughts and emotions, we can’t
reflect on our reactions and question whether they are out of line. This limits
our ability to act wisely.
A commonly used analogy among those who write about mindfulness is
that of a movie theater. When you’re lost in the story line of a movie—
perhaps a thriller—sometimes you suddenly remember that you’re watching a
movie. A moment earlier, when you thought the heroine might be pushed out
of the window by the villain, you were gripping your armrests in fear. Then
the man next to you sneezes and you realize that there isn’t really any danger
—it’s just a movie. Rather than being totally consumed by the plot, your
awareness broadens and you recognize what is actually happening in the
present moment. You are simply watching pixels of light dancing across a

scene. So you loosen your grip on the armrest, your heartbeat returns to
normal, and you allow yourself to become lost in the story once again.
Mindfulness operates in a very similar manner. When you focus on the
fact that you are having certain thoughts and feelings, you are no longer lost
in their story line. You can wake up and look around you, taking an
outsider’s perspective on your experience. You can turn your awareness in on
itself, as if you were gazing in a reflective pool and see an image of yourself
gazing in a reflective pool. Try it right now. You’ve been reading the words
on this page without realizing that you were reading, but now you can read
this sentence with the awareness that you are reading. If you’re sitting, you
probably haven’t noticed the sensations in your feet as they touch the floor.
Now focus on the fact that your feet feel a certain way. Not only do your feet
tingle (or are warm, cold, cramped, etc.), you are now aware that your feet
feel this way. This is mindfulness.
Fortunately, Jacob finally learned how to become mindful of the anger
spurred by his mother’s acting career instead of just “letting it all hang out.”
His therapist taught him how to fully feel and experience the hurt and
resentment he had been harboring toward his mother all those years, without
necessarily believing that the story line he was telling himself was real and
true. The anger was true, but the gentle, nonjudgmental awareness that held
his anger helped him realize that his mother’s deep love for him was also
true. Yes, she loved her career and was devoted to it—perhaps to a fault—but
this was partly because it gave her the financial resources needed to provide
the advantages in life she so wanted for him. Before confronting his mother
with angry accusations, therefore, Jacob was able to calm and center himself
with mindfulness. He then had a frank but kind conversation with his mother
about the difficulties of his childhood that actually ended up bringing them
closer together. If he had not chosen the path of mindfulness, he might have
caused a destructive rift in their relationship that would have taken years to
heal.

Shining the Light of Consciousness
One key to understanding mindfulness lies in distinguishing awareness itself
from the contents of awareness. All sorts of different things arise within the

frame of our awareness—physical sensations, visual perceptions, sounds,
smells, tastes, emotions, thoughts. These are all contents—things that come
and go. And the contents of awareness are always changing. Even when
staying perfectly still, our breath rises and falls, our heart beats, our eyes
blink, sounds arise and pass away. If the contents of awareness didn’t change,
we’d be dead. Life, by definition, entails transformation and change.
What about the awareness that holds all these phenomena, however? The
light of consciousness that illuminates the sights, sounds, sensations, and
thoughts? Awareness does not change. It is the only thing in our waking
experience that remains still and constant, the calm foundation on which our
ever-changing experience rests. Experiences continually vary, but the
conscious awareness that illuminates those experiences does not.
Imagine a red cardinal bird flying across a clear blue sky. The bird
represents a particular thought or emotion we’re experiencing, and the sky
represents mindfulness, which holds the thought or emotion. The bird might
start doing crazy loops, take a nose dive, land on a tree branch, whatever, but
the sky is still there, unperturbed. When we identify with the sky rather than
with the bird, or in other words, when our attention rests in awareness itself,
rather than the particular thought or emotion arising within that awareness,
we can stay calm and centered.
This is important, because when we are mindful, we find our resting place
—our seat, as it’s sometimes called. Rather than having our sense of self
caught up in and carried away by the contents of awareness, our sense of self
remains centered in awareness itself. We can notice what is happening—an
angry thought, a fear, a throbbing sensation in our temple—without falling
into the trap of thinking that we are defined by this anger, fear, or pain. We
can’t be defined by what we are thinking and feeling when our consciousness
is aware that we are thinking and feeling: otherwise, who is it that is being
aware of our thoughts and feelings?

Exercise One
Noting Practice
(Also available as a guided meditation in MP3 format at www.self-

compassion.org)
An important tool used to develop mindfulness is the practice of
noting. The idea is to make a soft mental note whenever a particular
thought, emotion, or sensation arises. This helps us to become more
consciously aware of what we’re experiencing. If I note that I feel
angry, for instance, I become consciously aware that I’m angry. If I
note that my back is uncomfortable as I’m sitting at my desk, I
become consciously aware of my discomfort. This then provides
me with the opportunity to respond wisely to my current
circumstances. Perhaps I should take a few deep breaths to calm
down or stretch to relieve my back pain. The noting practice can be
used in any situation and helps engender mindfulness in daily life.
For this exercise, find a relaxed position and sit down for about
ten to twenty minutes. Get comfortable, close your eyes, and
simply note whatever thoughts, emotions, smells, sounds, or other
physical sensations arise in your awareness. For example:
“breathing in,” “sound of children playing,” “itch in left foot,”
“wondering what to wear for the party,” “insecurity,” “excitement,”
“plane flying overhead,” and so on. Every time you become aware
of a new experience, acknowledge the experience with a quiet
mental note. Then allow your attention to settle on the next
experience it is drawn to.
Sometimes you’ll find yourself lost in thought and realize that
for the last five minutes you’ve been thinking about your lunch and
have forgotten entirely about your noting practice. Not to worry. As
soon as you notice that you’ve been lost in thought, simply note
“lost in thought” and turn your attention back to your noting
practice.
We can train our brains to pay better attention and become
more aware of what’s happening to us moment to moment. This
skill offers a big payoff in terms of allowing us to be more fully
engaged in the present, and it also provides us with the mental
perspective needed to deal with challenging situations effectively.

Responding Rather Than Reacting
Mindfulness provides incredible freedom, because it means we don’t have to
believe every passing thought or emotion as real and true. Rather, we can see
that different thoughts and emotions arise and pass away, and we can decide
which are worth paying attention to and which are not. We can question the
accuracy of our perceptions and ask if our thoughts and emotions need to be
taken quite so seriously. The real treasure offered by mindfulness—its most
amazing gift—is that mindfulness provides us with the opportunity to
respond rather than simply react.
When I am lost in the story of a powerful emotion—let’s say I feel
insulted by something my friend just said and I’m feeling hurt and indignant
—I am likely to react in a way I’ll later regret. For instance, I was once
talking with a friend on the phone and we got into an argument. I was trying
to convince her that a choice I was making was in fact a good one. At first it
was just a discussion—I was presenting my reasons for making this choice
and my friend was presenting her concerns about whether or not it was
actually right for me. At some point, however, my friend voiced her fear that
I was being “naive.” It’s funny how quickly the tenor of the discussion
changed. I felt insulted, then angry. I started raising my voice and was soon
shouting. I was defending my point of view as if my life depended on it,
exaggerating my claims to know what was right for me and portraying my
friend as the one who was ignorant and confused. Before I knew it, I had
hung up on her.
Luckily we’re old friends and I called her back a few minutes later to
apologize. Once we started talking calmly, I realized she didn’t mean to be
insulting by voicing her fear that I was being naive about this particular issue.
She was really concerned I was making a decision without having the
experience or knowledge needed to make a good one. Sure, it wasn’t the most
politic choice of words on her part, but her intentions were good and I
certainly overreacted. The fact that I had had a stressful day at work that day
probably hadn’t helped things either.
If I had been able to be mindful during our conversation, I would have
been able to say to myself: I am aware that I am feeling hurt, insulted, and
angry right now. I’m going to take a deep breath and pause before I start

shouting accusations. What are her motives—is she really trying to hurt me?
In other words, when we’re able to recognize what we’re feeling in the
moment, we don’t have to let those feelings immediately propel us into
action. We can stop to question whether we really want to say what’s on the
tip of our tongue and choose to say something more productive instead.
To have any choice in how we respond, however, we need the mental
space to consider our options. We need to be able to ask ourselves—what is
really happening right here, right now? Is the danger real, or am I only having
thoughts of danger, like pixels of light dancing on a screen? What is the
actual situation that needs to be responded to? This is how we gain the
freedom needed to make wise choices.
And even when we aren’t able to be mindful in the moment—which is
admittedly very difficult to do when our emotions are running high—
mindfulness allows us to recover from our overreactions more quickly. No, I
wasn’t able to stop myself before hanging up on my friend. But I didn’t have
to spend the next few hours, days, or weeks justifying my behavior either. I
was quickly able to recognize what had just happened, to be mindful of the
reality that I regretted my behavior, to make amends, and move on.
There is remarkable power in mindfulness—it gives us the breathing
room needed to respond in a way that helps rather than harms us. And of
course, one of the ways we harm ourselves most is through the reactive habit
of self-criticism. Whether due to our parents, our culture, or our personality
type, many of us have built up lifelong patterns of beating ourselves up when
we fail or make some mistake. Our automatic reaction when we see
something about ourselves we don’t like is to put ourselves down. Or when
faced with adversity, our first reaction might be to immediately go into
problem-solving mode without first stopping to tend to our emotional needs.
But if we can be mindful, even for just a moment, of the pain associated with
failure or the stress and hardship entailed by difficult circumstances, we can
take a step back and respond to our pain with kindness. We can soothe and
comfort ourselves with compassionate understanding. We can reframe our
situation in light of our shared humanity, so that we don’t feel so isolated by
adversity. Not only am I suffering, I am aware that I am suffering, and
therefore I can try to do something about it.
After some practice you can actually make a habit of this, so that as soon
as you notice you’re suffering you automatically embrace yourself with

compassion. Think of it as pushing the reset button on your computer when it
gets locked up. Rather than staying stuck in painful feelings of self-judgment
or merciless stoicism, you can reboot your heart and mind so that they start
flowing freely again. Then, whatever actions are needed to help your
situation can be carried out with more calm, stability, and grace—not to
mention effectiveness.

Suffering = Pain x Resistance
Suffering stems from a single source—comparing our reality to our ideals.
When reality matches our wants and desires, we’re happy and satisfied.
When reality doesn’t match our wants and desires, we suffer. Of course, we
have about a snowball’s chance in hell of our reality completely matching our
ideals 100 percent of the time. That’s why suffering is so ubiquitous.
I once went on a meditation retreat with a wonderful teacher named
Shinzen Young, who gave me words of wisdom that I’ll never forget. He said
that the key to happiness was understanding that suffering is caused by
resisting pain. We can’t avoid pain in life, he said, but we don’t necessarily
have to suffer because of that pain. Because Shinzen was a bit of a Buddhist
“nerd” (he even wore horn-rimmed glasses), he chose to express these words
of wisdom with an equation: “Suffering = Pain x Resistance.” He then added,
“Actually, it’s an exponential rather than a multiplicative relationship.” His
point was that we can distinguish between the normal pain of life—difficult
emotions, physical discomfort, and so on—and actual suffering, which is the
mental anguish caused by fighting against the fact that life is sometimes
painful.
Let’s say you get caught in a nasty traffic jam. This situation may be
mildly stressful and annoying. You’ll probably be a few minutes late for
work and somewhat bored while sitting there. No big deal. If, however, you
resist the fact that you are caught in a traffic jam, mentally screaming “THIS
SHOULD NOT BE HAPPENING!!!!” you are likely to suffer a great deal.
You’ll become much more upset, agitated, and angry than you would be
otherwise. Road rage incidents are due to precisely this type of overreaction.
There are about three hundred serious injuries or deaths caused by road rage
in the United States alone each year.

Our emotional suffering is caused by our desire for things to be other than
they are. The more we resist the fact of what is happening right now, the
more we suffer. Pain is like a gaseous substance. If you allow it to just be
there, freely, it will eventually dissipate on its own. If you fight and resist the
pain, however, walling it into a confined space, the pressure will grow and
grow until there is an explosion.
Resisting pain truly is banging your head against the wall of reality.
When you fight against the fact that pain is arising in your conscious
experience, you are piling on feelings of anger, frustration, and stress on top
of the pain. This only exacerbates your suffering. Once something has
occurred in reality, there is nothing you can do to change that reality in the
present moment. This is how things are. You can choose to accept this fact or
not, but reality will remain the same either way.
Mindfulness allows us to stop resisting reality because it holds all
experience in nonjudgmental awareness. It allows us to accept the fact that
something unpleasant is occurring, even if we don’t like it. By mindfully
relating to our difficult emotions, they have the chance to take their natural
course, arising and eventually passing away. If we can wait out the storm
with relative equanimity, we won’t make things any worse than they already
are. Pain is unavoidable; suffering is optional.

Exercise Two
Mindfully Working with Pain
Conduct this small experiment to observe how mindfulness and
self-compassion can help us suffer less when we’re in pain.
1. Hold an ice cube in your hand for several seconds (this will
be mildly uncomfortable). Just react as you normally would, and
put the ice cube down when the discomfort becomes
overwhelming. Notice how intense your discomfort was, and how
long you could hold the ice cube before needing to put it down.
2. Hold an ice cube in your other hand for several seconds. This
time, as you feel the discomfort, try not to resist it. Relax around
the sensation and allow it just to be. Mindfully note the qualities of

the sensation—cold, burning, tingling, and so on. As you do so,
give yourself compassion for any discomfort you feel. (For
example, you might say “Ouch, this really hurts. It’s difficult to
feel this sensation. But it’s okay, I’ll get through it.”) Put the ice
cube down when the discomfort becomes overwhelming. Once
again, notice how intense your discomfort was, and how long you
could hold the ice cube.
After you’re done, compare the two experiences. Did anything
change when you didn’t resist the pain? Were you able to hold the
ice cube for a longer time? Was your discomfort less intense? Were
you able to provide empirical support for the proposition that
“Suffering = Pain x Resistance”? The less you resist, the less you
suffer.

Relating to That Which Is Beyond Our Control
Sometimes—not always, but sometimes—there is the possibility of making
changes to your current situation so that your future circumstances will
improve. If you relate to the present moment mindfully, you’ll be in a better
place to wisely consider what you want to do in the next moment. If you
judge and resist the present moment, however, not only will you cause
yourself extra frustration and anger, you will also cloud your ability to choose
your next steps wisely. Mindfulness, then, allows us to consider what
proactive steps might be taken to improve our situation, but also to recognize
when things cannot be changed and must be accepted.
The serenity prayer—made famous by Alcoholics Anonymous and other
twelve-step programs—captures this idea beautifully:
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the
courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the
difference.
Mindfulness allows us to distinguish between those aspects of our
experience we can change and those we can’t. If a heavy object falls on my
foot, I can take the object off—that’s something I can change. But the

throbbing I feel in my foot can’t be changed, at least in the moment. If I
accept that the event has happened—maybe even throwing in a dash of
humor—I will still feel the pain but remain relatively peaceful as it fades
away. I won’t add to my predicament by getting frustrated and agitated, or
kicking the offending object in anger (you laugh but you know we’ve all
done it!). My calm state will also help me to make a wise decision, like
wrapping my foot in an ice pack before it swells up.
Although it may be counterintuitive, one thing that we have little power
to change is what goes on inside our own heads. What arises within our field
of conscious awareness is a mystery. Thoughts and emotions arise unbidden
and often overstay their welcome. We may wish we had an internal filter for
our thoughts and emotions—similar to the lint filter on a dryer—that would
prevent any negative thoughts and emotions from entering our awareness.
Then all we’d have to do is peel off the accumulated bundle of painful,
critical, and self-sabotaging thoughts and throw them in the trash. That’s not
how our minds work, however.
Thoughts and feelings arise based on our history, our past experiences
and associations, our hardwiring, our hormonal cycle, our physical comfort
level, our cultural conditioning, our previous thoughts and feelings, and
numerous other factors. As discussed in the last chapter, there are untold
prior causes and conditions that have come together to produce our current
mental and emotional experience—conditions beyond our conscious
choosing. We can’t control which thoughts and emotions pass through the
gates of awareness and which do not. If our particular thoughts and feelings
aren’t healthy, we can’t make these mental experiences go away. However,
we can change the way we relate to them.
When we judge ourselves for our mental experience, we are only making
things worse. “What a horrible person I am for having that thought!” “A nicer
person would feel sympathy rather than annoyance in this situation!” Did you
choose to have that particular thought or emotion, however? If not, should
you be judging yourself so? We can release ourselves from the tangled knot
of self-judgment by accepting the fact of our experience in the here and now.
“These are the thoughts and emotions that are arising in my conscious
awareness in the present moment.” A simple statement of fact, with no blame
attached. We don’t need to lambast ourselves for thinking those nasty
thoughts or feeling those destructive emotions. We can simply let them go.

As long as we don’t get lost in a story line that justifies and reinforces them,
they will tend to dissipate on their own. A weed that is not given water will
eventually wither and fade away. At the same time, when a wholesome
thought or feeling arises, we can hold it in loving awareness and allow it to
fully blossom.
A Native American wisdom story tells of an old Cherokee who is
teaching his grandson about life. “A fight is going on inside me,” he said to
the boy. “It is a terrible fight and it is between two wolves. One is evil—he is
anger, envy, sorrow, regret, greed, arrogance, self-pity, guilt, resentment,
inferiority, lies, false pride, superiority, and ego. The other is good—he is
joy, peace, love, hope, serenity, humility, kindness, benevolence, empathy,
generosity, truth, compassion, and faith. The same fight is going on inside
you—and inside every other person, too.” The grandson thought about it for a
minute and then asked his grandfather, “Which wolf will win?” The old
Cherokee simply replied, “The one you feed.”
The gift of mindfulness, then, is that by accepting the present moment
you are better able to shape your future moments with wisdom and clarity.
Not only do you reduce your own suffering, you are also able to make good
choices about how to act next. It makes perfect sense, if you think about it,
but it’s not a habit that many of us were taught as children. In the West we
are raised to be knowledgeable, to work hard, and to be productive members
of society, but no one teaches us how to deal productively with our own
emotions, especially the difficult ones.

Learning to Be Mindful
Fortunately, this is starting to change. Western scientists are starting to
document the health benefits of mindfulness, bringing attention to an idea
that originated in Eastern meditation traditions thousands of years ago. Many
hundreds of studies have now shown that people who are able to pay
attention to their present moment experience in a mindful way have greater
emotional balance. For instance, brain scans using fMRI technology have
shown that people who are more mindful are less reactive to scary or
threatening images, as measured by amygdala activation (the reptilian part of
our brain responsible for the fight-or-flight response). In short, they are less

easily “freaked out” and therefore less at the mercy of circumstance. For this
reason, mindfulness skills are commonly taught by therapists and other health
professionals to help people deal with stress, addiction, physical pain, and
other forms of suffering.
Jon Kabat-Zinn’s Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) program
is one of the most ubiquitous and successful stress-reduction programs in the
country. MBSR courses are offered by hundreds of hospitals, clinics, and
medical centers around the United States and elsewhere in the world. The
eight-week intensive program guides people through a series of exercises to
help them learn to be more mindful. Research has shown that learning to be
more mindful by taking an MBSR course helps people cope with life
challenges with less stress and greater ease. MBSR also helps people cope
with chronic pain. One of Kabat-Zinn’s early studies, for instance, found that
people experiencing debilitating back pain reported substantial decreases in
pain (around 50% less) after taking an MBSR course.
One of the key practices taught in MBSR courses is mindfulness
meditation. This type of meditation typically involves reducing sensory input
by sitting quietly and closing one’s eyes, so that it is easier to pay attention to
what’s arising in one’s present moment experience without getting
overwhelmed by too many outside sensations. People often start their
meditation by focusing on their breath for a period to quiet their minds and
sharpen their attention. Then, once the mind is fairly quiet, the attention
moves freely to any thought, sound, or sensation that arises in one’s field of
awareness. The idea is to observe whatever arises without judgment, without
trying to push any particular experience away or else hold on to it. One
simply allows thoughts and feelings to come and go, like a bird flying across
a wide-open sky. Tracking the arising and passing away of mental
phenomena builds skills that increase one’s ability to be mindful during the
course of everyday life.
It’s important to note, however, that although meditation is a powerful
way to strengthen one’s mindfulness muscle, there are other ways to quiet the
mind and break the reverie of thought—like silent prayer, or even taking a
solitary walk in the woods. Another tried and true method is to take a few
slow, deep breaths, carefully paying attention to all the sensations generated
during the in-breath and the out-breath. Mindfulness is not some special
esoteric practice we have to pull out of a magician’s hat: we’re all innately

gifted with the ability to be aware of our own field of awareness. This means
that it is fully within our power to be mindful. Mostly, the key is intentionally
choosing to focus on the thoughts, emotions, and sensations that are arising in
the present moment in a friendly, nonjudgmental way.

Exercise Three
Mindfulness in Daily Life
Pick one activity a day in which you’ll be mindful. It may be while
you brush your teeth, while you walk from the parking garage to
work, when you eat your breakfast, or whenever your cell phone
rings. You might want to choose an activity that occurs early in the
day, to help you remember to be mindful before you get
overwhelmed with the daily tasks of life. As you’re engaging in
your mindful activity—let’s say you choose the walk from the
parking lot to your office—bring your focused awareness to your
actual experience in the present moment.
Try not to immediately start thinking of what you need to do
once you get to your office. Simply notice how it feels to be
walking. How do your feet feel as they touch the ground? Can you
notice the change in sensations as each foot rises and falls? How do
your legs feel as they move, as the weight shifts from the right to
left? What is the air temperature like as you walk? Warm? Cold?
Try to bring your awareness to as many aspects of the experience
of walking as possible. It’s helpful to focus on one distinct
sensation at a time, so that you don’t become overwhelmed. If you
become lost in thoughts or emotions, simply note this and bring
your awareness back to the experience of walking.
What you’re doing is sharpening your skills of attention,
building your mindfulness muscle. This will eventually help you
when challenging situations arise, so that you can be aware of
difficult emotions without running away with them. We are all
capable of being mindful, but in the midst of our hectic lives, we
must choose to slow down and notice—if even just for a moment—

what’s happening to us right here, right now.
Because mindfulness is one of the core components of self-compassion,
when we improve our mindfulness skills, we automatically increase our
ability to be self-compassionate. Several studies have demonstrated that
participation in an eight-week MBSR course increases self-compassion
levels. Similarly, studies have demonstrated that experienced mindfulness
meditators have more self-compassion than those who are less experienced.
While increasing our mindfulness skills is an important way to foster selfcompassion, the two other components of self-compassion—self-kindness
and common humanity—also enhance our ability to be mindful, creating a
positive and self-reinforcing cycle. One of the enemies of mindfulness is the
process of overidentification—becoming so carried away by our personal
drama that we can’t clearly see what is occurring in the present moment. If
you’re upset because you’re lost in self-judgment or are feeling isolated from
others, it will be much harder for you to be mindful of your painful emotions.
If you are able to calm and soothe your feelings by giving yourself kindness
or by putting things into the larger human perspective, however, you can give
yourself the space needed to break out of your melodrama, and therefore your
suffering. Realizing that you’re overreacting isn’t so difficult when you feel
cared for and connected.

Three Doorways In
The beauty of using self-compassion as a tool for dealing with difficult
emotions is that it has three distinct doorways in. Whenever you notice you
are in pain, you have three potential courses of action.
•
•

You can give yourself kindness and care.
You can remind yourself that encountering pain is part of the
shared human experience.
• You can hold your thoughts and emotions in mindful awareness.
Engaging any one of the three components of self-compassion when
confronting difficult feelings will then make it easier to engage the others.
Sometimes you’ll find it easier to enter in through one doorway than another

depending on your mood and the current situation, but once you’re in, you’re
in. You’ll have tapped into the power of self-compassion, allowing you to
transform your relationship with the pain of life in a revolutionary, creative
way. From the stable platform of self-compassion, you’ll be able to wisely
guide your next steps in a manner that leads to greater health, happiness, and
well-being. Instead of letting your difficult emotions carry you away, you can
carry your difficult emotions to a better place. You can hold them, accept
them, and be compassionate toward yourself when you feel them. And the
amazing thing is that you don’t have to rely on anyone or anything else to
give yourself this gift. Nor do you have to wait until circumstances are
exactly right. It’s precisely when you’ve fallen on hard times and things are
looking their worst that self-compassion is most available.

Exercise Four
Self-Compassion Journal
Try keeping a daily self-compassion journal for one week (or as
long as you like). Journaling is an effective way to express
emotions and has been found to enhance both mental and physical
well-being. At some point during the evening when you have a few
quiet moments, review the day’s events. In your journal, write
down anything that you felt bad about, anything you judged
yourself for, or any difficult experience that caused you pain. (For
instance, maybe you got angry at a waitress at lunch because she
took forever to bring the check. You made a rude comment and
stormed off without leaving a tip. Afterward, you felt ashamed and
embarrassed.) For each event, use mindfulness, a sense of common
humanity, and kindness to process the event in a selfcompassionate way.
MINDFULNESS
This will mainly involve bringing awareness to the painful
emotions that arose due to your self-judgment or difficult
circumstances. Write about how you felt: sad, ashamed, frightened,

stressed, and so on. As you write, try to be accepting and
nonjudgmental of your experience, not belittling it nor making it
overly dramatic. (For example, “I was frustrated because she was
being so slow. I got angry, overreacted, and felt foolish
afterward.”)
COMMON HUMANITY
Write down the ways in which your experience was connected to
the larger human experience. This might include acknowledging
that being human means being imperfect, and that all people have
these sorts of painful experiences. (“Everyone overreacts
sometimes; it’s only human.”) You might also want to think about
the various causes and conditions underlying the painful event.
(“My frustration was exacerbated by the fact that I was late for my
doctor’s appointment across town and there was a lot of traffic that
day. If the circumstances had been different, my reaction probably
would have been different.”)
SELF-KINDNESS
Write yourself some kind, understanding words of comfort. Let
yourself know that you care about yourself, adopting a gentle,
reassuring tone. (It’s okay. You messed up but it isn’t the end of the
world. I understand how frustrated you were and you just lost it. I
know how much you value being kind to other people and how
badly you feel right now. Maybe you can try being extra patient
and generous to any waitstaff this week . . .)
Practicing the three components of self-compassion with this
writing exercise will help organize your thoughts and emotions,
while helping to encode them in your memory. If you’re the type
who likes to keep a journal regularly, your self-compassion practice
will become even stronger and translate more easily into daily life.

My Story: Getting Through the Dark Times
I can tell you from firsthand experience what a lifesaver self-compassion can

be. It pulled me back from the precipice of despair over and over again as I
struggled to deal with Rowan’s autism. When my mind would start to walk
down the dark alley of fear—What’s going to happen to him? Will he ever
live independently? Will he ever have a job, a family?—I would try to stay in
the present moment. I am right here, right now. Rowan is safe and happy. I
have no idea what’s going to happen to him, or what his future holds. It’s a
mystery, but running away with my fear is not going to help. Let me focus on
calming and comforting myself. Poor darling, I know how incredibly difficult
it is for you right now . . . When I soothed my troubled mind with this kind of
caring concern, I was able to stay centered without being overwhelmed,
realizing that whatever Rowan’s future held, I loved him exactly as he was.
At times when I thought I couldn’t cope a moment longer, selfcompassion got me through. When Rowan would launch into an earsplitting
tantrum because he momentarily mislaid his toy zebra, or because of some
other seemingly insignificant trigger, I would try to mindfully watch my
breath, sending myself compassion for the pain rather than fighting and
resisting it. Autistic children’s tantrums are neurological in origin and are
often due to an overloaded sensory system. They literally can’t stop their
reaction or be consoled. The only thing parents can do is try to keep their
children from hurting themselves, and wait till the storm passes.
When people gave me disapproving looks in the grocery store because
they assumed Rowan was a spoiled brat and that I was a bad mother for not
being able to control his behavior (one autism mother told me a stranger
actually slapped her child because she thought he needed some “real
discipline”), I would send myself compassion. I would hold my feelings of
pain in mindful, spacious awareness so that they didn’t overwhelm me.
Rowan’s autism forced me to surrender any pretense of control, and
mindfulness taught me that maybe this wasn’t such a bad thing. No matter
how much I wanted to be off that airplane, trapped twenty thousand feet in
the air as Rowan screamed away, every other passenger looking at us like
they wished we were dead, having to run to the bathroom (which was
occupied, of course) to change Rowan’s poop-filled underpants, I had no
other choice but to deal with it. NO OTHER CHOICE. All I could do was try
to get through the situation with as much grace as I could muster. Once I
surrendered, a sense of deep calm descended. I felt a quiet joy, knowing that
my peace of mind didn’t depend on external circumstances. If I could get

through this moment, I could get through anything.
Self-compassion helped me steer clear of anger and self-pity, allowing me
to remain patient and loving toward Rowan despite the feelings of despair
and frustration that would inevitably arise. I’m not saying that I didn’t have
times when I lost it. I had many. But in those times I still had my practice of
self-compassion to fall back on. I could forgive myself for reacting badly, for
making mistakes, for being human. If I hadn’t been aware of the power of
self-compassion at that time, I don’t know how I would have gotten through
those especially difficult early years. And for that reason, I’ll always be
eternally grateful, knowing that the angel of self-compassion sits on my
shoulder, available whenever I need it.

Part Three
THE BENEFITS OF SELF-COMPASSION

Chapter Six

EMOTIONAL RESILIENCE
You know quite well, deep within you, that there is only a single
magic, a single power, a single salvation . . . and that is called
loving. Well, then, love your suffering. Do not resist it, do not flee
from it. It is your aversion that hurts,nothing else.
—HERMAN HESSE, Wer lieben kann ist glücklich.
Über die Liebe.

SELF-COMPASSION IS AN INCREDIBLY POWERFUL TOOL FOR DEALING with
difficult emotions. It can free us from the destructive cycle of emotional
reactivity that so often rules our lives. This chapter looks more closely at the
ways that self-compassion provides emotional resilience and enhances wellbeing. By changing the way we relate to ourselves and our lives, we can find
the emotional stability needed to be truly happy.

Self-Compassion and Negative Emotions
One of the most robust and consistent findings in the research literature is
that people who are more self-compassionate tend be less anxious and
depressed. The relationship is a strong one, with self-compassion explaining
one-third to one-half of the variation found in how anxious or depressed
people are. This means that self-compassion is a major protective factor for
anxiety and depression. As discussed earlier, self-criticism and feelings of
inadequacy are implicated in the experience of depression and anxiety. When
we feel fatally flawed, incapable of handling the challenges life throws our

way, we tend to shut down emotionally in response to fear and shame. All we
see is doom and gloom, and things go down from there, as our negative
mind-set colors all our experiences. I like to call this mental state “black goo”
mind.
Though sticky and unpleasant, this process is actually quite natural.
Research has demonstrated that our brains have a negativity bias, meaning
we’re more sensitive to negative than to positive information. When
evaluating others or ourselves, for instance, negative facts are given more
weight than positive ones. Think about it. If you glance in a mirror before
heading out for a party and see that you have a pimple on your chin, you’re
not going to notice the fact that your hair looks great or that your outfit is
fabulous. All you’ll see is that pimple, flashing at you like the red emergency
light on top of an ambulance. Your sense of how you look for your big
evening out will be skewed accordingly. There’s a reason for this.
In the natural environment, negative information usually signals a threat.
If we don’t notice that crocodile lurking in the banks of the river
immediately, we’ll soon become his lunch. Our brains evolved to be highly
sensitive to negative information so that the fight-or-flight response could be
triggered quickly and easily in the brain’s amygdala, meaning that our
chances of taking action to ensure our survival would be maximized. Positive
information isn’t as crucial to immediate survival as it is to long-term
survival. Noticing that the river has fresh, clean water is important, especially
if you’re thirsty or deciding on a place to camp, but there’s not the same
urgency to act on these data. Thus, our brains give less time and attention to
positive than to negative information. As Rick Hanson, author of The
Buddha’s Brain, says, “our brain is like Velcro for negative experiences but
Teflon for positive ones.” We tend to take the positive for granted while
focusing on the negative as if our life depended on it.
Once our minds latch on to negative thoughts, they tend to repeat over
and over again like a broken record player. This process is called
“rumination” (the same word that’s used for a cow chewing the cud) and
involves a recurrent, intrusive, and uncontrollable style of thinking that can
cause both depression and anxiety. Rumination about negative events in the
past leads to depression, while rumination about potentially negative events
in the future leads to anxiety. This is why depression and anxiety so often go
hand in hand; they both stem from the underlying tendency to ruminate.

Research indicates that women are much more likely to ruminate than
men, which helps explain why women suffer from depression and anxiety
about twice as often as men. Although some of these gender differences may
be physiological in origin, culture also plays a role. Because women have
historically had less power in society than men, they’ve had less control over
what happens to them and have therefore had to be more vigilant for danger.
If you are someone who tends to ruminate, or who suffers from anxiety
and depression, it’s important that you don’t judge yourself for this way of
being. Remember that rumination on negative thoughts and emotions stems
from the underlying desire to be safe. Even though these brain patterns may
be counterproductive, we can still honor them for trying so diligently to keep
us out of the jaws of that crocodile. Also remember that although some
people tend to ruminate more than others, all people have a negativity bias to
some extent. It’s hardwired in our brains.

Breaking Free of the Ties That Bind
So how do we release ourselves from this deep-rooted tendency to wallow in
black goo? By giving ourselves compassion. Research shows that selfcompassionate people tend to experience fewer negative emotions—such as
fear, irritability, hostility, or distress—than those who lack self-compassion.
These emotions still come up, but they aren’t as frequent, long lasting, or
persistent. This is partly because self-compassionate people have been found
to ruminate much less than those who lack self-compassion. Rumination is
often fueled by feelings of fear, shame, and inadequacy. Because selfcompassion directly counters these insecurities, it can help unravel the knot
of negative rumination as surely as detangling spray.
When we hold negative thoughts and feelings in nonjudgmental
awareness, we are able to pay attention to them without getting stuck like
Velcro. Mindfulness allows us to see that our negative thoughts and emotions
are just that—thoughts and emotions—not necessarily reality. They are
therefore given less weight—they are observed, but not necessarily believed.
In this way, negatively biased thoughts and emotions are allowed to arise and
pass away without resistance. This allows us to deal with whatever life brings
our way with greater equanimity.

A useful method of mindfully relating to our negative emotions is to
become aware of them as a physical sensation. This may seem like an
unfamiliar concept, but all emotions can be felt in the body. Anger is often
experienced as a tight clenching in the jaw or gut, sadness as heaviness
around the eyes, fear as a gripping sensation in one’s throat. The physical
manifestation of emotions will be experienced differently by different people
and will shift and change over time, but still they can be tracked in the body
if we pay close attention. When we experience our emotions on the physical
level, rather than thinking about what’s making us so unhappy, it’s easier to
stay present. It’s the difference between noticing “tightness in my chest” and
thinking I can’t believe she said that to me; who does she think she is? And
so on and so on . . . By staying anchored in our body, we can soothe and
comfort ourselves for the pain we’re feeling without getting lost in negativity.
For some reason I often wake up at about four A.M. in a negative, anxious
mind-state. While I lie there in bed my mind swirls with fear and
dissatisfaction, focusing in on everything that’s wrong in my life. Because it
happens so regularly, I’ve learned to envision this mood quite literally as a
storm passing in the night. Rather than getting caught up in my thoughts, I try
to imagine dark clouds passing overhead, complete with violent lightning and
thunder. The lightning represents the agitation in my brain, which is
somehow triggered by my sleep cycle. Instead of taking the mood too
seriously, I try to ground my awareness in my body: the weight of my body
on the bed, the feel of the blanket on top of me, the sensations in my hands
and feet. I try to remember to be in the here and now, and just watch the
storm pass over. And sure enough, I eventually fall back asleep and wake up
in a much better mood. This is the power of mindfulness. It allows you to
fully experience what’s arising in the present moment without being caught
by it.
Often, however, mindfulness alone is not enough to avoid getting trapped
in depressed and anxious mind-states. Try as we may, sometimes our minds
just keep getting stuck in negativity. In this case, we need to actively try to
soothe ourselves. By being kind to ourselves when we experience black goo
mind, remembering our inherent interconnectedness, we start to feel cared
for, accepted, and secure. We balance the dark energy of negative emotions
with the bright energy of love and social connection. These feelings of
warmth and safety then deactivate the body’s threat system and activate the

attachment system, calming down the amygdala and ramping up the
production of oxytocin. Fortunately, research shows that oxytocin helps
dampen our natural negativity bias.
In one study, researchers asked participants to identify the emotions
displayed on people’s faces in a series of photos. Half were given a nasal
spray that contained oxytocin; the other half received a placebo spray (the
control group). Volunteers who had received the oxytocin spray were slower
to identify fearful facial expression in the photos, and were less likely to
mistake positive facial emotions for negative ones, as compared with the
control group. This means that oxytocin lessens the tendency of our mind to
immediately latch on to negative information.
Relating to our negative thoughts and emotions with compassion, then, is
a good way to lessen our negativity bias. Compassion stops rumination in its
tracks, engendering a hopeful outlook that asks “How can I calm and comfort
myself right now?”

Exercise One
Dealing with Difficult Emotions in the Body: Soften, Soothe, Allow
(Also available as a guided meditation in MP3 format at www.selfcompassion.org)
The next time you experience a difficult emotion and want to work
with it directly, try processing the emotion in your body (this
exercise will take fifteen to twenty minutes).
To begin, sit in a comfortable position or lie down with your
back on the floor. Try to locate the difficult feeling in your body.
Where is it centered? In your head, your throat, your heart, your
stomach? Describe the emotion using mental noting—tingling,
burning, pressure, tightness, sharp stabbing (sorry, but typically
sensations like pleasant bubbling don’t come up when dealing with
emotional pain). Is the sensation hard and solid, or fluid and
shifting? Sometimes all you will feel is numbness—you can bring
your attention to this sensation as well.

If the feeling is particularly distressing and difficult to
experience, go gently. You want to try to soften any resistance you
feel toward the sensation, so that you can feel it fully, but you don’t
want to push yourself beyond your limits. Sometimes it helps to
first focus on the outer edge of the sensation, moving inward only if
it starts feeling safer and more bearable.
Once you feel in touch with the painful emotion in your body,
send it compassion. Tell yourself how difficult it is to feel this right
now, and let yourself know you’re concerned about your wellbeing. Try using terms of endearment if it feels comfortable for
you, like “I know this is really difficult, darling,” or “I’m sorry
you’re in such pain, dear.” Imagine mentally caressing the spot
where the painful emotion is lodged, as if you were stroking the
head of a child who was crying. Reassure yourself that it’s okay,
that all will be well, and that you will give yourself the emotional
support needed to get through this difficult experience.
When you find yourself carried away by thinking about the
situation driving your painful feelings (which you’re likely to do),
simply bring your awareness back to the physical sensation in your
body, and start again.
When doing this exercise, it often helps to silently repeat the
phrase “Soften, soothe, allow.” This reminds you to accept the
feeling as it is, softening any resistance to it, while actively
soothing and consoling yourself for any discomfort you feel.
As you give yourself compassion, notice if the physical
sensations you experience change. Is there any lessening or relief
from the painful sensations? Do they become easier to bear over
time? Does that solid mass of tension feel like it’s starting to break
up, to move and shift? Whether or not things seem to get better,
worse, or stay the same, keep giving yourself compassion for what
you’re experiencing.
Then, when you feel it’s the right time, get up, do a few
stretches, and carry on with your day. With some practice you’ll
find that you can help yourself cope with difficult situations
without having to delve deeply into thinking or problem-solving
mode, the power of self-compassion working its magic on your

body itself.

Feeling It All
Self-compassion helps lessen the hold of negative emotions, but it’s
important to remember that self-compassion does not push negative emotions
away in an aversive manner either. This point is often confusing, because
conventional wisdom (and the famous Johnny Mercer tune) tells us that we
should accentuate the positive and eliminate the negative. The problem,
however, is that if you try to eliminate the negative, it’s going to backfire.
Mental or emotional resistance to pain merely exacerbates suffering
(remember, Suffering = Pain x Resistance). Our subconscious registers any
attempt at avoidance or suppression, so that what we’re trying to avoid ends
up being amplified.
Psychologists have conducted a great deal of research on our ability to
consciously suppress unwanted thoughts and emotions. Their findings are
clear: we have no such ability. Paradoxically, any attempt to consciously
suppress unwanted thoughts and emotions appears to only make them
stronger. In one classic study, participants were asked to report the thoughts
that were going through their heads for a period of five minutes. Before doing
so, however, they were instructed not to think of a white bear. If they did end
up thinking of a white bear, they were asked to ring a small bell. Bells pealed
forth like it was Christmastime. In the next study, participants were asked to
go ahead and think about a white bear for five minutes, actively visualizing it,
before they were asked not to think about a white bear. Once again, they were
instructed to report on their thoughts for a five-minute interval and ring a bell
whenever they thought of a white bear. Bells rang out much less often. The
attempt to suppress unwanted thoughts causes them to emerge into conscious
awareness more strongly and more frequently than if they were given
attention in the first place. (Interestingly, a white bear was chosen for the
preceding experiment because it is said that Fyodor Dostoyevsky, while
attempting to illustrate the persuasive power of the mind, challenged his
brother to stand in the corner of a room and not return until he had stopped
thinking of a white bear. Needless to say, his brother missed supper that
night.)

Research shows that people with higher levels of self-compassion are
significantly less likely to suppress unwanted thoughts and emotions than
those who lack self-compassion. They’re more willing to experience their
difficult feelings and to acknowledge that their emotions are valid and
important. This is because of the safety provided by self-compassion. It’s not
as scary to confront emotional pain when you know that you will be
supported throughout the process. Just as it feels easier to open up to a close
friend whom you can rely on to be caring and understanding, it’s easier to
open up to yourself when you can trust that your pain will be held in
compassionate awareness.
The beauty of self-compassion is that instead of replacing negative
feelings with positive ones, new positive emotions are generated by
embracing the negative ones. The positive emotions of care and
connectedness are felt alongside our painful feelings. When we have
compassion for ourselves, sunshine and shadow are both experienced
simultaneously. This is important—ensuring that the fuel of resistance isn’t
added to the fire of negativity. It also allows us to celebrate the entire range
of human experience, so that we can become whole. As Marcel Proust said,
“We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full.”

A Journey to Wholeness
The road to becoming whole takes some time to travel and doesn’t happen
overnight. Rachel was a good friend of mine back in graduate school, and
though she was witty and intelligent, she could also be a bit of a black hole.
The T-shirt she was wearing when I first met her pretty much sums it up:
LIFE’S A BITCH, ’CAUSE IF IT WAS A SLUT IT’D BE EASY. Rachel was a classic
negative thinker, always seeing the glass as half empty rather than half full.
Even when everything was going relatively well, with only a few challenges
to deal with, Rachel would focus almost exclusively on what was wrong in
any given situation. She took everything that was right about her life for
granted, because it wasn’t a problem and therefore didn’t need fixing. This
meant she was often anxious, frustrated, and depressed.
I remember one time Rachel made a homemade chocolate cake for my
birthday. The cake was delicious, despite the fact that the grocery store had

been out of her favorite brand of chocolate and she was forced to use an
alternate brand that wasn’t as good. No matter how much I told her I loved
the cake, she could only focus on its ever-so-slightly-less-sumptuous-thanusual quality. (I think her comment was “tastes like imitation Ding Dongs.”)
She fell into such a foul mood while obsessing about the cake that she
actually ended up leaving my birthday party early.
I could handle Rachel’s negativity because she often made me laugh.
Like the time I asked her how her blind date went. “A total bore. I asked him
how he was and he actually told me.” The boyfriend she had during graduate
school didn’t find her so funny, however, and eventually dumped her for
being such a bummer all of the time. She then started to get down on herself
for being so negative, which of course just made things worse.
Once she finished her studies, Rachel swore she was going to change her
ways. After reading some books on positive thinking, Rachel started saying
daily positive affirmations, like “I am a radiant person of positive energy”
and “Every day in every way I am getting better and better.” She tried to
think positively no matter what the circumstances, even if she felt miserable
inside. She kept it up for a few months, but it didn’t last long. It seemed
phony to her and took way too much effort.
Rachel and I kept in touch over the years. When she asked what I was up
to, I told her about my research on self-compassion. At first she wasn’t
impressed. “Isn’t that just sugar coating for the fact that life sucks?” But
because we were old friends and she valued my opinion, she managed to get
through her initial resistance and listened as I explained the concept to her.
She didn’t say anything for a while, and I assumed she was going to roll her
eyes and dismiss everything I had said. Instead, she told me that she wanted
to try to be more compassionate with herself and asked for my help. What
should she do? So I told her what I did.
I had developed this practice years earlier to help myself remember to be
self-compassionate, and I still use it constantly. It’s a sort of self-compassion
mantra and is highly effective for dealing with negative emotions. Whenever
I notice something about myself I don’t like, or whenever something goes
wrong in my life, I silently repeat the following phrases:
This is a moment of suffering.
Suffering is part of life.

May I be kind to myself in this moment.
May I give myself the compassion I need.
I find these phrases particularly useful, not only because they’re short and
easily memorized, but because they invoke all three aspects of selfcompassion simultaneously. The first phrase, “This is a moment of
suffering,” is important because it brings mindfulness to the fact that you’re
in pain. If you’re upset because you notice you’ve gained a few pounds, or if
you get pulled over for a traffic violation, it’s often hard to remember that
these are moments of suffering worthy of compassion.
The second phrase, “Suffering is part of life,” reminds you that
imperfection is part of the shared human condition. You don’t need to fight
against the fact that things aren’t exactly as you want them to be, because this
is a normal, natural state of affairs. More than that, it’s one that every other
person on the planet also experiences, and you’re certainly not alone in your
predicament.
The third phrase, “May I be kind to myself in this moment,” helps bring a
sense of caring concern to your present experience. Your heart starts to soften
when you soothe and comfort yourself for the pain you’re going through.
The final phrase, “May I give myself the compassion I need,” firmly sets
your intention to be self-compassionate and reminds you that you are worthy
of receiving compassionate care.
After a few weeks of practicing this self-compassion mantra, Rachel
started to get a small taste of freedom from her constantly negative mind-set.
She began to be more aware of her dark, depressive thoughts, so that she
didn’t become so hopelessly lost in gloominess. She found herself being less
self-critical, and she didn’t complain as much about what was wrong with her
life. Instead, when she experienced negative thoughts and emotions, she said
her phrases and tried to focus on the fact that she was hurting and in need of
care.
The thing she liked most about self-compassion, she told me, was that “I
don’t have to fool myself to make it work.” Unlike the practice of positive
affirmations, in which she tried to convince herself that everything was fine
and dandy even when it wasn’t, self-compassion enabled Rachel to accept
and acknowledge the fact that sometimes, life does suck. But we don’t have
to make things worse than they already are. The key to self-compassion is not

to deny suffering, but to recognize that it’s perfectly normal. There isn’t
anything wrong with the imperfection of life as long as we don’t expect it to
be other than it is.
“It’s weird,” she said, “but sometimes my negativity vanishes as soon as I
say the phrases. Even though I’m not trying to make them go away, they just
go—poof—like a cheesy David Copperfield show.”
Rachel didn’t become some kind of Pollyanna, however. She is still
someone who tends to notice what’s wrong about a situation before she sees
what’s right. But her negativity doesn’t cause her to descend into depression
anymore. She can laugh at the darkness of her own thoughts, because they no
longer fully control her. Once she remembers to be self-compassionate, she
can appreciate the half of the glass that’s full as well as noticing the half
that’s empty.

Exercise Two
Developing Your Own Self-Compassion Mantra
A self-compassion mantra is a set of memorized phrases that are
repeated silently whenever you want to give yourself compassion.
They are most useful in the heat of the moment, whenever strong
feelings of distress arise.
You might find that the phrases I created work for you, but it’s
worth playing with them to see if you can find phrases that fit you
better. What’s important is that all three aspects of self-compassion
are evoked, not the particular words used.
Other possible wordings for the first phrase, “This is a moment
of suffering,” are “I’m having a really hard time right now,” “It’s
painful for me to feel this now,” and so on.
Other possible wordings for the second phrase, “Suffering is
part of life,” are “Everyone feels this way sometimes,” “This is part
of being human,” and so on.
Other possible wordings for the third phrase, “May I be kind to
myself in this moment,” are “May I hold my pain with tenderness,”
“May I be gentle and understanding with myself,” and so on.

Other possible wordings for the final phrase, “May I give
myself the compassion I need,” are “I am worthy of receiving selfcompassion,” “I will try to be as compassionate as possible,” and so
on.
Find the four phrases that seem most comfortable for you and
repeat them until you have them memorized. Then, the next time
you judge yourself or have a difficult experience, you can use your
mantra to help remind yourself to be more self-compassionate. It’s
a handy tool to help soothe and calm troubled states of mind.

Self-Compassion and Emotional Intelligence
Self-compassion is a powerful form of emotional intelligence. As defined in
Daniel Goleman’s influential book of the same name, emotional intelligence
involves the ability to monitor your own emotions and to skillfully use this
information to guide your thinking and action—in other words, being aware
of your feelings without being hijacked by them, so that you can make wise
choices. If you realize that you’re mad at someone who made an insensitive
comment, for instance, you might take a walk around the block to cool down
before discussing it, rather than spouting the first disparaging remark that
springs to mind. Perhaps better not to say, “Calling you an idiot would be an
insult to all the stupid people,” satisfying though it may be at the time.
Research shows that people who are more self-compassionate have more
emotional intelligence, meaning they are better able to maintain emotional
balance when flustered. For example, one study looked at people’s reactions
to an awkward and embarrassing task—being videotaped while looking into a
camera and making up a children’s story that began “Once upon a time there
was a little bear . . .” Participants were later asked to watch their taped
performances and report on the emotions they experienced while doing so.
Those with higher levels of self-compassion were more likely to say they felt
happy, relaxed, and peaceful while watching themselves make up the silly
story. Those who lacked self-compassion were more likely to feel sad,
embarrassed, or nervous.
Another study looked at the way self-compassionate people tend to deal
with negative events in their daily lives. Participants were asked to report on

problems experienced over a twenty-day period, such as having a fight with a
romantic partner or tension at work. Results indicated that people with higher
levels of self-compassion had more perspective on their problems and were
less likely to feel isolated by them. For example, they felt their struggles were
no worse than what lots of other people were going through. Selfcompassionate people also experienced less anxiety and self-consciousness
when thinking about their problems.
There is also physiological data supporting the claim that selfcompassionate people have better emotional coping skills. Researchers
measured cortisol levels and heart rate variability among a group of people
trained to have more self-compassion. Cortisol is a stress hormone, while
heart rate variability is an indicator of the ability to adapt effectively to stress.
The more self-compassionate versus self-critical that people were, the lower
their cortisol levels and the higher their heart rate variability. This suggests
that self-compassionate people are able to deal with the challenges life throws
their way with greater emotional equanimity.
Of course, people who experience extreme life challenges—such as
almost dying in a car accident or being sexually assaulted—may have an
especially hard time coping. In such cases, people may develop posttraumatic
stress disorder (PTSD). PTSD is a severe and ongoing emotional reaction to
an extreme psychological trauma. It often involves reexperiencing the
traumatic event through flashbacks or nightmares, having disturbed sleep
patterns, and persistent fear or anger. One of the key symptoms of PTSD is
experiential avoidance, which means that trauma victims tend to push away
uncomfortable emotions associated with what happened. Unfortunately, such
avoidance only makes PTSD symptoms worse, given that suppressed
emotions tend to grow stronger as they vie to break through to conscious
awareness. The effort needed to keep suppressed emotions at bay can also sap
the energy needed to deal with frustration, meaning that PTSD sufferers are
often irritable.
There is some evidence that self-compassion helps people get through
PTSD. For example, in one study of college students who showed PTSD
symptoms after experiencing a traumatic event such as an accident, a fire, or
a life-threatening illness, those with more self-compassion showed less
severe symptoms than those who lacked self-compassion. In particular, they
were less likely to display signs of emotional avoidance and were more

comfortable facing the thoughts, feelings, and sensations triggered by what
happened. When you’re willing to feel painful emotions and hold them with
compassion, they’re less likely to interfere with everyday life.
Self-compassion gives us the calm courage needed to face our unwanted
emotions head-on. Because escape from painful feelings is not actually
possible, our best option is to clearly but compassionately experience our
difficult emotions just as they are in the present moment. Given that all
experiences eventually come to an end, if we can allow ourselves to remain
present with our pain, it can go through its natural bell-curve cycle—arising,
peaking, and fading away. As it says in the Bible, “This too shall pass.” Or as
the Buddha said, all emotions are “liable to destruction, to evanescence, to
fading away, to cessation.” Painful feelings are, by their very nature,
temporary. They will weaken over time as long as we don’t prolong or
amplify them through resistance or avoidance. The only way to eventually
free ourselves from debilitating pain, therefore, is to be with it as it is. The
only way out is through. We need to bravely turn toward our suffering,
comforting ourselves in the process, so that time can work its healing magic.

The Healing Power of Self-Compassion
Penny—a forty-six-year-old divorced sales rep—suffered from near constant
anxiety. When her twenty-one-year-old daughter, Erin (who was away at
college), didn’t call her for a few days, she immediately assumed that
something was wrong. She would leave Erin desperate phone messages
asking her if she was okay, assuming that no news was bad news. Or when
Erin was home, if she overheard her say something like “Oh no!” while
talking on her cell, she would interrupt the conversation, frantically asking
“What’s wrong, what’s wrong?” Although Erin loved her mother, she
dreaded coming home for visits because her mother was always so tense and
nervous. Penny was aware of her daughter’s reluctance and harshly judged
herself for being such an uptight and uneasy person. It wasn’t how she
wanted to be.
Erin was pretty convinced her mother’s anxiety was caused by unresolved
emotional trauma. Penny’s father had been declared missing in action in the
Vietnam War, when Penny was only six. Penny’s mother had a nervous

breakdown upon receiving the news, so Penny was raised by her maternal
grandmother for two years before her mother was able to take care of her
again. Penny’s father was never found, and she never really got to properly
grieve for him. The result was that Penny irrationally feared losing her
daughter, Erin, in the same way she lost her father—anxiety permeating
every corner of her life.
Erin had heard a guest lecture on self-compassion at her university and
tried to convince her mother that she should have more compassion for
herself. “I want you to be happy, Mom,” she said, “and I think it would help
you. I also think it would help our relationship.”
Mainly out of love for her daughter, Penny reluctantly decided to enter
therapy, choosing a counselor who explicitly incorporated self-compassion
into his therapeutic approach. She wanted to finally get to grips with her
anxiety and also to deal with the grief she felt over the loss of her father. Her
therapist advised her to go slowly, only feeling as much as was comfortable
at any one time.
Penny first tried to focus on having compassion for the anxiety she felt as
an adult. She began to realize how much she suffered from having a fist of
fear ready to clamp tight over her heart at any time. Her therapist gently
reminded her that anxiety was an incredibly common experience, something
that millions and millions of other people struggle with on a daily basis. Over
time Penny learned to judge herself a little less severely for being anxious,
and she instead started trying to comfort herself for having such constant and
uncontrollable fear. Once she felt ready, she was then able to turn her
attention to the source of her fear: the experience of losing her mother and
father at the same time when she was only a small child.
At first Penny mainly focused on the compassion she felt for her mother,
which somehow felt more manageable. Her heart started to crack open as she
thought about the horror her mother must have experienced when her
husband was declared missing, not even knowing for sure if he was dead or
alive. Then she tried feeling compassion for herself, for how scared and alone
she felt when her father disappeared and her mother had her breakdown. At
first she was just numb, unable to feel anything.
The therapist asked her to bring a picture of herself as a young girl to
their next session, to see if that would help. The photo was of a six-year-old
girl wearing a maroon velvet dress, opening Christmas presents. When Penny

looked at the photo, she saw the face of Erin looking back at her. She
imagined how Erin would have felt at age six if the same thing had happened
to her. This broke through her defenses, and she had a powerful moment of
getting in touch with her six-year-old self—the incredible fear, confusion,
and sadness she had felt.
For several weeks all Penny could do was sob whenever she thought
about her childhood. There was nothing she could do to fix things, to change
what had happened. There was nothing she could do to ensure that her
daughter would never have any harm befall her. There was only pain,
sadness, grief, worry, and fear. But there was also compassion. Whenever she
felt that she would be engulfed by her negative emotions, she would think of
that picture of herself as a child. She would imagine stroking the child’s hair,
using a gentle tone of voice and telling her that she was going to be okay.
Although the anxiety didn’t go away, its edges started to soften. It became
more bearable, less overwhelming.
One day Penny came to her therapy appointment extremely excited. “Erin
was home yesterday and I heard her say ‘That’s terrible! Oh my God!’ on her
cell phone. My instinctive reaction was to immediately demand what was
wrong. Instead, I just let myself feel the fear. I managed not to pounce on
Erin as soon as she hung up the phone. Instead, I figured that if there was a
dire emergency she would tell me. It was hard to wait, but I felt strong
enough to handle it. And sure enough, it turns out that her favorite TV
character had been killed off in the latest episode. That was all. What a
victory!”
Such stories are actually quite common. Especially when helped along by
a supportive person such as a therapist, self-compassion has the power to
radically transform lives. For this reason, many clinical psychologists are
starting to explicitly incorporate self-compassion into their therapeutic
approaches.

Compassionate Mind Training
Paul Gilbert, a clinician at the University of Derby and author of The
Compassionate Mind, is one of the leading thinkers and researchers on selfcompassion as a therapeutic tool. He has developed a group-based therapy

model called “Compassionate Mind Training” (CMT), which is designed to
help people who suffer from severe shame and self-judgment. His approach
focuses on helping clients understand the harm they do themselves through
constant self-criticism, while also having compassion for these same
tendencies. Gilbert argues that self-criticism is an evolutionarily based
survival mechanism designed to help keep oneself safe (see chapter 2) and
therefore should not be judged. CMT helps people to understand this
mechanism and teaches them how to relate to themselves with compassion
rather than self-condemnation. This process can be tricky for some.
Many of Gilbert’s patients have a history of being abused by their
parents, either physically or emotionally. For this reason, they are often
frightened of self-compassion at first, and they feel vulnerable when they are
kind to themselves. This is because as children, the same people who gave
them care and nurturance—their parents—also betrayed their trust by
harming them. Feelings of warmth thus became jumbled together with
feelings of fear, making the foray into self-compassion rather complicated.
Gilbert cautions that people with a history of parental abuse should proceed
slowly down the path of self-compassion, so that they don’t become too
frightened or overwhelmed. Even among those without histories of physical
or mental abuse, Gilbert’s research indicates that people are often afraid of
being compassionate to themselves. They worry that they will become weak,
or that they will be rejected, if they don’t use self-criticism as a way of
addressing personal shortcomings. This fear of compassion then acts as a
roadblock to treating oneself kindly and exacerbates self-judgment and
feelings of inadequacy.
CMT relies heavily on the practice of self-compassionate imagery to
generate feelings of warmth and safety for clients. Practitioners first instruct
patients to generate an image of a safe place to help counter any fears that
may arise. They are then instructed to create an ideal image of a caring and
compassionate figure. Especially for people who have a hard time having
feelings of compassion for themselves, their compassionate image can be
used as a proxy source of soothing. Eventually, self-compassion becomes less
frightening and can be drawn upon to help deal with feelings of defectiveness
and inadequacy.
In a study of the effectiveness of CMT for patients in a treatment program
at a mental health hospital—people who were being treated for intense shame

and self-criticism—patients were led through weekly two-hour CMT sessions
for twelve weeks. The training resulted in significant reductions in
depression, self-attacking, feelings of inferiority, and shame. Moreover,
almost all of the patients felt ready to be discharged from the hospital at the
end of the intervention.

Exercise Three
Using Compassionate Imagery
This exercise is adapted from Paul Gilbert, The Compassionate
Mind (London: Constable, 2009).
1. Sit comfortably in a quiet spot. The first task is to create an
image of a safe place. This can be imaginary or real—any place
that makes you feel peaceful, calm, and relaxed: a white sandy
beach, a forest glade with deer grazing nearby, Grandmother’s
kitchen, or near a crackling fire. Try to really envisage this place in
your mind’s eye. What are the colors? How bright is it? What
sounds or smells are there? If you ever feel anxious or insecure
during your voyage into self-compassion, you can call up this
image of your safe place to help calm and soothe yourself.
2. The next task is to create an image of an ideally caring and
compassionate figure, someone who embodies wisdom, strength,
warmth, and nonjudgmental acceptance. For some this will be a
known religious figure like Christ or the Buddha. For others it will
be someone they have known in the past who was very
compassionate, like a favorite aunt or teacher. For still others it
might be a beloved pet, a completely imaginary being, or even an
abstract image like a white light. Try to see this image as vividly as
possible, incorporating as many of the senses as possible.
3. If you are suffering in some way right now, think about the
type of wise, caring things that this idealized source of compassion
would say to comfort you right now. How would his or her voice
sound? What feelings would be conveyed in his or her tone? If

you’re feeling a bit numb or shut down, just let yourself bask in the
compassionate presence of your ideal image, simply allowing
yourself to be there.
4. Now release your compassionate image, take a few breaths,
and sit quietly in your own body, savoring the comfort and ease
that you generated in your own mind and body. Know that
whenever you want to generate compassion for yourself, you can
use this image as a springboard, allowing yourself to receive the
gift of kindness.

Mindful Self-Compassion
Christopher Germer, a clinical psychologist affiliated with Harvard who
specializes in the integration of mindfulness and psychotherapy, teaches selfcompassion to most of his therapy clients. Chris is also a friend and colleague
with whom I teach self-compassion workshops. He wrote the wonderful book
The Mindful Path to Self-Compassion, which summarizes the knowledge he’s
gained over the years while helping his clients to relate to themselves more
compassionately.
Germer observes that his clients typically go through several distinct
stages of self-compassion practice during their therapy. A common
experience at the beginning, especially for those who suffer from intense
feelings of worthlessness, is “backdraft.” When a fire is deprived of oxygen
and fresh air is suddenly let in, an explosion often occurs (the process known
by firefighters as backdraft). Similarly, people who are used to constant selfcriticism often erupt with anger and intense negativity when they first try to
take a kinder, more gentle approach with themselves. It’s as if their sense of
self has been so invested in feeling inadequate that this “worthless self” fights
for survival when it’s threatened. The way to deal with backdraft, of course,
is to mindfully accept the experience and have compassion for how hard it is
to experience such intense negativity.
Once the initial resistance softens, clients often feel great enthusiasm for
self-compassion practice as they begin to realize what a powerful tool it is.
Germer calls this the “infatuation” stage. After battling themselves for so
long, people often fall in love with the feeling of peace and freedom they find

by relating to themselves in a tender way. Like receiving a kiss from a new
lover, they tingle from head to toe. During this stage, people tend to get
attached to the good feelings provided by self-compassion, and they want to
experience those good feelings constantly.
As time goes on, however, the infatuation typically fades as people
realize that self-compassion doesn’t magically make all their negative
thoughts and feelings go away. Remember that self-compassion doesn’t
eradicate pain or negative experiences, it just embraces them with kindness
and gives them space to transform on their own. When people practice selfcompassion as a subtle way of resisting their negative emotions, not only will
the bad feelings remain, they will often get worse. Germer says that he sees
this phase of the therapy process as a good sign, because it means clients can
begin to question their motivations. Are they being compassionate primarily
because they want to be emotionally healthy, or because they mainly want to
eliminate their pain?
If people can stick with the practice during this tricky middle bit, they
eventually discover the wisdom of “true acceptance.” During this stage, the
motivation for self-compassion shifts from “cure” to “care.” The fact that life
is painful, and that we are all imperfect, is then fully accepted as an integral
part of being alive. It becomes understood that happiness is not dependent on
circumstances being exactly as we want them to be, or on ourselves being
exactly as we’d like to be. Rather, happiness stems from loving ourselves and
our lives exactly as they are, knowing that joy and pain, strength and
weakness, glory and failure are all essential to the full human experience.
Chris Germer and I are now working on an exciting new project together;
developing an eight-week training program in Mindful Self-Compassion
(MSC). The program is similar to Kabat-Zinn’s MBSR program, and we
hope it will be a useful complement to it. In the first day of the program, we
mainly focus on explaining the concept of self-compassion and how it differs
from self-esteem (see chapter 7). In the following weeks we focus on how to
use self-compassion to deal with difficult emotions using various
meditations, homework assignments, and experiential exercises (including
those found in this chapter and others). The program appears to be quite
powerful in terms of changing people’s lives for the better, and hopefully
we’ll soon have research data that examines the effectiveness of MSC as a
therapeutic intervention. We are both convinced that participating in the MSC

program will help people maximize their emotional resilience and well-being.
(For more information on the program, go to www.self-compassion.org or
www.mindfulselfcompassion.org.)

Exercise Four
Compassionate Body Scan
(Also available as a guided meditation in MP3 format at www.selfcompassion.org)
One technique commonly taught in mindfulness courses such as
MBSR is “the body scan.” The idea is to systematically sweep your
attention from the crown of your head to the soles of your feet,
bringing mindful awareness to all of the physical sensations in your
body. Chris Germer and I also use this technique in our MSC
workshops, but with a twist. We add in self-compassion. The idea
is that whenever you come into contact with an uncomfortable
sensation while scanning your body, you should try to actively
soothe the tension, giving yourself compassion for your suffering.
By mentally caressing your body in this way, you can help ease
your aches and pains to a remarkable extent.
To begin, it’s best to lie down on a bed or the floor. Lie flat on
your back, and gently rest your arms about six inches away from
your sides and hold your legs about shoulder width apart. This is
called “the corpse pose” in yoga, and allows you to completely
relax all your muscles. Start with the crown of your head. Notice
what your scalp feels like. Is it itching, tingling, hot, cold? Then
notice if there’s any discomfort there. If so, try to relax and soften
any tension in this area and extend kind, caring concern to this part
of your body. Internal words said in a soothing, comforting voice
like “poor darling, there’s a lot of tightness there, it’s okay, just
relax” often help tremendously. Once you’ve given this body part
compassion, or if there was no discomfort in the first place, move
on to the next body part.

There are many pathways through the body you can take, but
typically I move from the top of my head to my face, to the back of
my head, to my neck, my shoulders, my right arm (moving from
upper arm to lower arm to hand), my left arm, my chest, my
abdomen, my back, my pelvic region, my gluts, my right leg
(moving from thigh to knee to calf to foot), then my left leg. Other
people start with their feet and move up through their body to the
crown of their head. There is no one right way to do it, just what
feels right for you.
As you scan each new body part with your awareness, check in
to see if there is any tension there, and offer yourself compassion
for your pain, consciously trying to soften, relax, and comfort this
area. I often try to express gratitude to the body part that aches,
appreciating how hard it works for me (like my neck, which has to
hold up my big head!). It’s an opportunity to be kind to yourself in
a very concrete way, and the more slowly and mindfully you do the
exercise, the more you’ll get out of it.
Once you finish sweeping your awareness from head to toe—
this can take anywhere from five minutes to thirty minutes
depending on how quickly you do it—bring your attention to your
entire body with all its buzzing, pulsating sensations, and send
yourself love and compassion. Most people report feeling
wonderfully relaxed yet vibrant after this exercise—and it’s
cheaper than a massage.

Chapter Seven

OPTING OUT OF THE SELF-ESTEEM GAME
Don’t take the ego too seriously. When you detect egoic behavior in
yourself, smile. At times you may even laugh. How could humanity
have been taken in by this for so long?
—ECKHART TOLLE, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life’s Purpose

THE IDEA THAT WE NEED TO HAVE HIGH SELF-ESTEEM TO BE PSYCHOLOGICALLY
healthy is so widespread in Western culture that people are terrified of doing
anything that might endanger it. We’re told we must think positively of
ourselves at all costs. Teachers are encouraged to give all their students gold
stars so that each can feel proud and special. High self-esteem is portrayed as
the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, a precious commodity that must be
acquired and protected.
It’s true that people with high self-esteem tend to be cheerful, report
having lots of friends, and are motivated in life, while people with low selfesteem are lonely, anxious, and depressed. Those with high self-esteem are
optimistic, seeing the world as their oyster. Those with low self-esteem often
can’t even tie their shoes in the morning. The assumption is that self-esteem
causes these outcomes. The almost religious faith placed in the power of high
self-esteem to create mental health has led to a deluge of self-esteem
programs in schools, community centers, and mental health facilities. In
1986, the State of California launched a Task Force on Self-Esteem and
Personal and Social Responsibility that had an annual budget of a quartermillion dollars a year. The reasoning was that if the self-esteem of
California’s children were raised, problems such as bullying, crime, teen

pregnancy, drug abuse, and academic underachievement would be eased. It
was even argued that investing in the self-esteem of children would pay off in
tax revenues in the long run, because people with high self-esteem tend to
earn more than those with low self-esteem. Dozens of women’s magazines
have touted the benefits of high self-esteem, and thousands of books have
been written on how to get it, raise it, or keep it.

The Emperor Has No Clothes
This fascination with high self-esteem has largely been fueled by
psychologists, who have published more than fifteen thousand journal articles
on the topic. More recently, however, psychologists have started questioning
whether high self-esteem is truly the panacea it’s been made out to be.
Reports on the efficacy of California’s self-esteem initiative, for instance,
suggest that it was a total failure. Hardly any of the program’s hoped-for
outcomes were achieved. Of course, this didn’t stop the Task Force from
concluding that “diminished self-esteem stands as a powerful independent
variable (condition, cause, factor) in the genesis of major social problems.
We all know this to be true, and it is really not necessary to create a special
California task force on the subject to convince us.” In other words, we know
self-esteem works even though our own data says it doesn’t, so we shouldn’t
have bothered trying to prove what was self-evident in the first place. As
humorist Will Rogers once commented, “I don’t make jokes. I just watch the
government and report the facts.”
In one influential review of the self-esteem literature, it was concluded
that high self-esteem actually did not improve academic achievement or job
performance or leadership skills or prevent children from smoking, drinking,
taking drugs, and engaging in early sex. If anything, high self-esteem appears
to be the consequence rather than the cause of healthy behaviors. The report
also challenged the assumption that bullies act as they do because they have
low self-esteem. In fact, bullies are just as likely to have high self-esteem as
others. Picking on other people is one of the key ways they can feel strong
and superior. People with high self-esteem tend to be cliquish—they
generally like members of the in-groups they belong to better than
“outsiders.” Accordingly, research shows that people with high self-esteem

are just as prejudiced, if not more so, than those who dislike themselves.
People with high self-esteem also engage in socially undesirable behavior
such as cheating on tests just as often as people with low self-esteem do.
And when people with high self-esteem feel insulted, they frequently lash
out at others. In one study, for instance, college students were told they did
worse than average on an intelligence test. Those with high self-esteem
tended to compensate for the bad news by insulting the other study
participants and putting them down. Those with low self-esteem, on the other
hand, tended to react by being nicer and complimenting other participants as
a way to seem more likable. Who would you rather hang out with when
yearly performance reviews are being passed out at work?

What Is Self-Esteem Anyway?
Before going further, it’s worth taking a closer look at what actually
constitutes self-esteem. At its core, self-esteem is an evaluation of our
worthiness, a judgment that we are good, valuable people. William James,
one of the founding fathers of Western psychology, argued that self-esteem
was a product of “perceived competence in domains of importance.” This
means that self-esteem is derived from thinking we’re good at things that
have personal significance to us. I may excel at checkers and be an atrocious
chess player, but this will only affect my self-esteem if I value being good at
checkers or chess. The dynamic that James identified suggests that we can
raise our self-esteem in two main ways.
One approach is to value the things we’re good at and devalue the things
we’re bad at. A teen boy who’s good at basketball and bad at math may
decide that basketball is really important while math is for the birds. The
potential problem with this approach, of course, is that we may undercut the
importance of learning valuable skills just because it makes us feel better
about ourselves. When a kid focuses all his energy on becoming a pro
basketball player and ignores learning math, he’s limiting his future
employment opportunities—a scenario that happens all too often. In other
words, our desire to achieve high self-esteem in the short term may harm our
development in the long run.
The other way to raise our self-esteem involves increasing our

competence in those areas that are important to us. For instance, a woman
who values looking like a model may keep trying to lose that last fifteen
pounds in order to reach her desired weight. The problem here is that
sometimes striving to improve is counterproductive. The woman who tries to
fit into size 2 jeans even though she doesn’t have a naturally thin body type
will just end up feeling hungry, frustrated, and dejected and would have been
better off downplaying the importance of looking model-skinny in the first
place. (After all, most men say they prefer curves.)
Charles Horton Cooley, a well-known sociologist writing at the turn of
the twentieth century, identified another common source of self-esteem. He
proposed that feelings of self-worth stem from the “looking glass self.” That
is, our perceptions of how we appear in the eyes of others. If we believe that
others judge us positively, we’ll feel good about ourselves. If we believe that
others judge us negatively, we’ll feel bad about ourselves. Self-esteem, in
other words, stems not only from our own self-judgments, but also the
perceived judgments of others. Highlight the word perceived.
Research shows that self-esteem is more strongly influenced by the
perceived judgments of strangers than close friends and family. Think about
it. When your mother tells you how smart or attractive you are, how seriously
are you going to take the comment? “Of course my mother would say that,
she’s my mother!” We tend to give more weight to what nameless, faceless
“other people” think of us—coworkers, neighbors, other kids at school, and
so on, who are supposedly more objective. The big hole in this line of
reasoning, of course, is that the thread on which we’re hanging our selfesteem is incredibly thin. First, given that people who don’t know us very
well aren’t able to make well-informed judgments of us, why should we be so
swayed by their opinions? Second, how well do we know their opinions in
the first place?
When I was in college, I used to spend hours getting my Goth hair and
makeup just right before going to a popular death-rock nightclub. I wanted to
appear cool to the other Goths. I always felt like a “poser,” however, and
assumed people rolled their eyes at me behind my back. I generally had poor
self-esteem when it came to my rocker looks, despite all my white-face-andbig-hair efforts. Years later, some friends told me that other people actually
did think I looked cool at the time and had even tried to emulate me. In other
words, my perceptions of others’ perceptions were way off base. And after

reviewing the photographic evidence, their perceptions also seem to have
been off base. I can definitely say that Goth was not a good look for me.
We tend to think it’s only young people who fall prey to peer pressure
and insecurity of this sort, but how often do we adults feel good or bad about
ourselves simply because of some vague and unsubstantiated notion about
how “other people” are viewing us? Not only are our perceptions of reality
often seriously clouded, our obsession with the impression we’re making on
others may lead to some serious self-delusion.

Mirror, Mirror on the Wall
People with high self-esteem describe themselves as being more likable and
attractive, and as having better relationships with others, than people with
low self-esteem do. Objective observers, however, do not necessarily agree.
In one study, researchers examined how college undergraduates rated their
interpersonal skills—their ability to start new friendships, talk and open up to
others, deal with conflicts, and provide emotional support. Not surprisingly,
people with high self-esteem reported that they had these good qualities in
spades. According to their roommates, however, their interpersonal skills
were merely (God forbid!) average. Similar studies have found that high-selfesteem people are more confident about their popularity, whereas low-selfesteem people assume that others don’t like them much. Typically, however,
people with high and low self-esteem are equally liked by others. It’s just that
those with low self-esteem greatly underestimate how much others actually
approve of them, while those with high self-esteem greatly overestimate
others’ approval. In other words, high self-esteem isn’t associated with being
a better person, just with thinking you are.
My husband’s grandfather Robbie was a wealthy white farmer in
Zimbabwe who ran his plantations with an iron fist. Robbie had an extremely
high opinion of himself and assumed everyone else did too. On one visit to
Zimbabwe, as we were being served tea by Robbie’s black manservant (who
actually called him “master”), I remember him telling a story about his
farmworkers and his relationship with them. At the end of his tale Robbie got
a wistful look on his face and said, “You know, I think they rather like me . .
.” He had absolutely no idea—or at least he suppressed the idea—that his

workers just kissed his butt because they were terrified of losing their jobs.
Though friendless (he had alienated most of his family through his tyrannical
behaviors), he clung to his delusions of being loved and admired until the day
he died. In an interesting postscript, Robbie’s death occurred suddenly, just
days after Robert Mugabe declared he was taking over all the white farms in
Zimbabwe. Perhaps Robbie didn’t want to live without his most salient
source of self-esteem.
It is true that high self-esteem has at least one tangible, and by no means
unimportant, benefit: happiness. When you like yourself, you tend to be
cheerful; when you dislike yourself, you tend to be depressed. These mood
states then color our feelings about our lives more generally. When we
believe we’re great, life is great; when we don’t, life stinks. Happiness is an
important feature of living a good life and is definitely worth cultivating. But
the price paid for the momentary happiness of high self-esteem can be steep.

The Pool of Narcissus
Narcissists have extremely high self-esteem and are quite happy most of the
time. Of course, they also have inflated, unrealistic conceptions of their own
attractiveness, competence, and intelligence and feel entitled to special
treatment.
Narcissus, from whose myth narcissism was named, was the son of the
river god Cephissus and the nymph Liriope. He fell in love with his own
image reflected in a pool, being so transfixed that he couldn’t pull himself
away, eventually wasting away to death. In modern psychology, narcissism is
typically measured by examining people’s scores on the Narcissistic
Personality Inventory, which includes items such as “I think I am a special
person,” “I like to look at myself in a mirror,” and “If I ruled the world it
would be a better place.” Research generally finds that people who score high
on this scale also report being very satisfied with their lives. Who wouldn’t
love the show in which they have the starring role?
But narcissists are actually caught in a social trap. Although they hope
their personal greatness will be admired by others, winning them friends and
devotees, the truth is that over time, narcissists almost always drive people
away. People may be impressed by the self-confidence and swagger of

narcissists at first but are eventually turned off by these same tendencies.
Most report disliking those high in the trait of narcissism, and the
relationships of narcissists typically fall apart after a while. It’s hard to feel
understood or get your needs met when your partner is so self-absorbed.
Many people believe that deep down, narcissists hate themselves, and
their inflated self-image is just a cover for insecurity. This idea has penetrated
the American popular media. When discussing the troubles of young stars
such as Lindsay Lohan or Paris Hilton, for instance, one TV commentator
said, “They have everything you’d ever want in life—they’ve finally
achieved their faces on television. Meanwhile that little voice inside is
saying, ‘You’re not good enough. Not good enough.’” The cure for
narcissism, it is therefore assumed, must be higher self-esteem. Research has
shown this assumption to be false. Scientists have found a way to assess
unconscious self-attitudes using something called the Implicit Association
Test (IAT). This computer-based test measures how fast people associate the
labels “me” and “not me” with positive words like wonderful versus negative
words like awful. People who quickly associate “me” with positive words but
are slow to associate “me” with negative words are said to have high implicit
self-esteem, while the reverse pattern indicates low implicit self-esteem. It
turns out that narcissists think they’re wonderful both implicitly and
explicitly. When Paris Hilton claimed “There’s nobody in the world like me.
I think every decade has an iconic blonde—like Marilyn Monroe or Princess
Diana—and right now, I’m that icon,” she probably didn’t do so because
deep down she feels insecure. Trying to help a narcissist by telling her to love
herself more is about as effective as throwing oil on a fire.
The metaphor of a fire is an appropriate one. As long as they’re receiving
the attention and admiration they believe they deserve, narcissists are on top
of the world. The problem comes when their position of superiority starts to
slip. When confronted with bad reviews, the narcissist typically responds
with feelings of rage and defiance.
In one classic study, researchers examined the behavior of narcissists
when their ego was threatened. The study required people to write an essay
on an important issue, which was supposedly read and evaluated by a
research partner in the next room (who the participant never met and who
didn’t actually exist). The essays were randomly given one of two written
comments by the fictitious partner: “This is one of the worst essays I have

read!” or “No suggestions, great essay!” In the next part of the study, which
was described as a learning task, participants were told that they and their
partner would have to press a button as fast as possible after solving a simple
problem. They were then told that whoever was slower would receive a blast
of noise in order to help them learn. The task was rigged, of course.
Participants were told that they had been the fastest and were asked to set the
noise level and duration of the blast for their “slow” partner (the same person
who they believed had just evaluated their essay). Narcissists who had
received derogatory feedback were the most violent, giving long, loud blasts
of noise as payback for their partner’s earlier insult.
When narcissists receive put-downs from others, their retaliation can be
fast and furious, even violent. Narcissistic anger serves an important function
for the narcissist: it deflects negative attention away from the self toward
others, who can then be blamed for all the dark emotions being experienced.
This pattern helps explain why clinician Otto Kernberg refers to the violence
of school shooters as “malignant narcissism.” Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold,
for instance, the Columbine High School gunmen, committed their atrocious
deeds in reaction to relatively minor insults doled out by some school jocks.
But in their ego-inflated minds, the jocks were getting their just deserts. Just
days before pulling the trigger on their classmates, Eric and Dylan laughingly
told each other, “Isn’t it fun to get the respect we’re going to deserve?”
If you’ve ever known a narcissist, this pattern will be all too familiar. The
narcissist’s need and demand for respect is constant. Because narcissists are
always trying to hang on to that elusive feeling of high self-esteem, the wrath
that descends when their precious ego is jeopardized can be truly something
to behold.
My friend Irene once told me a story about a woman who had all the
hallmarks of a classic narcissist. She said that at first glance you’d never
guess Susan was a narcissist—she was overweight and overworked, and
didn’t have much of a social life. But she did have one passion in life:
helping needy children. She went on volunteer missions to third world
countries at least twice a year, and she was a very effective aid worker.
Unfortunately, Irene realized the hard way that Susan was mainly using
her charity work as a way to feel superior. Susan was “one of the world’s
leading experts” on the problem of malnutrition among third world children
(at least according to Susan), and she clearly identified with being in the

position of helper—a knight in shining armor who rescued those in need.
Susan’s lifelong dream, as she was fond of telling people, was to open a food
bank where she could feed malnourished children year-round. When Irene
received an unexpected financial windfall, she was now in a position to make
Susan’s dream a reality. She decided to found a nonprofit that would build a
food bank in rural Bangladesh, employing Susan as the center’s manager.
Instead of being grateful for her assistance, however, Susan immediately
started to turn on Irene. She started bad-mouthing her behind her back,
complaining to anyone who would listen about having to work with such a
stupid woman. She was willing to be the manager of the food bank “for the
sake of the children” she said, but it would be a penance to do so under the
supervision of someone so obviously incompetent. Then she started to spread
nasty and false rumors that attacked Irene’s personal character and integrity.
Luckily, an acquaintance told her what was happening about a week before
the food bank was set to open, and Irene managed to pull out of her contract
with Susan just in the nick of time.
Irene felt like she’d received a slap in the face. But after a while she
began to realize that Susan’s behavior had little to do with her. Susan had
painted a glowing portrait of herself as world savior, and finding herself in
the position of receiving rather than giving assistance was just too much for
her ego to bear. Susan had to cast Irene as the devil to maintain her own selfimage as an angel. Sadly, narcissism is more common than you might think
among people doing good works in the world. But when the force driving
philanthropy is the pursuit of high self-esteem, even beautiful acts of charity
can be sullied by the needy, greedy ego.

Indiscriminate Praise
Although problems are associated with the pursuit of high self-esteem, high
self-esteem is not bad in and of itself. It’s clearly much better to feel worthy
and valuable than worthless and insignificant. It’s just that there are both
healthy and unhealthy pathways to high self-esteem. Having a supportive
family or working hard to achieve valued goals are healthy sources of high
self-esteem. Puffing up your ego and putting other people down is not so
great. The majority of research that examines self-esteem, however, does not

distinguish healthy self-esteem from its other, less productive forms.
The most commonly used measure of self-esteem, the Rosenberg SelfEsteem Scale, asks questions that are quite general. For instance, “I feel that I
have a number of good qualities,” or “I take a positive attitude toward
myself.” The narcissist who thinks he’s the best thing since sliced bread will
score quite high on this scale, as will the humble person who likes himself
simply because he is a human being intrinsically worthy of respect. Put
simply, it’s impossible to tell if high self-esteem is healthy or unhealthy until
you determine its source.
The problem with many of the school-based programs to increase selfesteem is that they don’t distinguish between healthy and unhealthy selfesteem either. They tend to use indiscriminate praise to boost children’s selfimage, focusing only on the child’s level of self-esteem, not on how or why it
gets there. As a result, many children come to believe they deserve
compliments and admiration no matter what they do.
Jean Twenge writes about this trend in her fascinating book Generation
Me. She notes that self-esteem programs for schoolkids tend to be ego
flattering to the point of nausea. Children are given books to read such as The
Lovables in the Kingdom of Self-Esteem, where children learn that the gates
to self-esteem will open if they repeat “I’m lovable!” three times with pride.
Weighty tomes like Be a Winner: A Self-Esteem Coloring and Activity Book
help children realize how special and important they are. Games such as “The
Magic Circle” designate one child a day to wear a badge that says “I’m great”
while classmates write up a list of praise for the anointed one. Elementary
schools in particular assume that their mission is to raise the self-esteem of
their pupils, to prepare children for success and happiness later on in life. For
this reason, they discourage teachers from making critical remarks to little
ones because of the damage it might do to their self-esteem.
Some schools have even eliminated “F” as a grade category because “F”
stands for “fail.” Instead, they simply assign the letter “E” for unacceptable
work, presumably because it is a nonjudgmental letter that merely follows
“D” (and still connotes positive things like “excellent,” perhaps?). The desire
to raise children’s self-esteem has led to some serious grade inflation. One
study found that 48 percent of high school students received an A average in
2004, as compared to 18 percent in 1968. Not surprisingly, American
students think they’re the best and brightest in the world, even though they’re

beaten by students from other countries on almost every measure of academic
success. We might as well change our name to the United States of Lake
Wobegon.
Although the emphasis on raising children’s self-esteem comes from
good motives, and breaks away from the harsh educational practices of the
past that often lowered children’s self-esteem, indiscriminate praise can
hinder children’s capacity to see themselves clearly, limiting their ability to
reach their full potential.
This emphasis on high self-esteem at all costs has also led to a worrying
trend toward increasing narcissism. Twenge and colleagues examined the
scores of more than fifteen thousand college students who took the
Narcissistic Personality Inventory between 1987 and 2006. During the
twenty-year period, scores went through the roof, with 65 percent of modernday students scoring higher in narcissism than previous generations. Not
coincidentally, students’ average self-esteem levels rose by an even greater
margin over the same period.
Twenge recently coauthored a book called The Narcissism Epidemic:
Living in the Age of Entitlement with leading narcissism researcher Keith
Campbell. The authors examine how the emphasis on raising self-esteem in
America has led to a real cultural sickness, writing:
Understanding the narcissism epidemic is important because its
long-term consequences are destructive to society. American
culture’s focus on self-admiration has caused a flight from reality
to the land of grandiose fantasy. We have phony rich people (with
interest-only mortgages and piles of debt), phony beauty (with
plastic surgery and cosmetic procedures), phony athletes (with
performance-enhancing drugs), phony celebrities (via reality TV
and YouTube), phony genius students (with grade inflation), a
phony national economy (with $11 trillion of government debt),
phony feelings of being special among children (with parenting and
education focused on self-esteem), and phony friends (with the
social networking explosion). All this fantasy might feel good, but
unfortunately, reality always wins. The mortgage meltdown and the
resulting financial crisis are just one demonstration of how inflated
desires eventually crash to earth.

Because the praise given by teachers and parents to boost children’s selfesteem is so unconditional, some argue that praise should be contingent on
hard work and effort, so that kids feel good about themselves only if they
deserve it. Why bother putting in the effort to do well, the thinking goes, if
mediocrity receives the same praise as first-rate work? Subtly embedded in
this position is the idea that praise and criticism are effective motivating
forces when they’re tied to success and failure, and that feeling good about
oneself should come in one scenario, not the other. Sadly, however, there is
ample evidence that using self-esteem in a conditional way, so that we only
feel good about ourselves when we succeed and feel bad about ourselves
when we fail, is as problematic as basing our self-esteem on nothing at all.

Contingent Self-Worth
“Contingent self-worth” is a term psychologists use to refer to a sense of selfesteem that depends on success or failure, on approval or disapproval.
Several common areas of contingent self-worth have been identified, such as
personal attractiveness, peer approval, competition with others, work/school
success, family support, feeling virtuous, and even God’s love. People vary in
terms of the degree to which their self-esteem is contingent on positive
evaluations in these different areas. Some people put all their eggs into one
basket, like personal attractiveness, whereas others strive to be good at
everything. Research shows that the more your overall sense of self-worth is
dependent on success in particular life areas, the more generally miserable
you feel when you fail in those areas.
Having contingent self-esteem can feel like Mr. Toad’s wild ride—your
mood swinging from elation one moment to devastation the next. Let’s say
you derive your sense of self-worth from doing well at your marketing job.
You’ll feel like a king when you’re named salesperson of the month but a
pauper when your monthly sales figures are merely average. Or maybe you
tend to base your self-esteem on being liked by others. You’ll get an
incredible high when you receive a nice compliment but crash in the dust
when someone ignores you or—worse—criticizes you.
Once, I actually had the experience of feeling hugely complimented and
devastatingly criticized at the exact same moment. I was visiting an

equestrian center with Rupert, a lifelong horseman, and the elderly Spanish
riding instructor who ran the stable apparently liked my dark Mediterranean
looks. In his desire to be gallant he paid me what he clearly thought was the
highest compliment: “You are veeerry beautiful. Don’t ever shave your
muuustache.”
I didn’t know whether to laugh, hit him, hang my head in shame, or say
thank you. (I chose the first and last options, but seriously considered the
other two!) Rupert was too busy laughing to say anything.
Ironically, people who excel in areas important to their self-esteem are the
most vulnerable to letdowns. The straight A student feels crushed if she
receives anything less than an A on an exam, whereas the D student might
feel on top of the world for merely getting a C. The higher you climb, the
farther you have to fall.
And contingent self-esteem has an addictive quality that’s hard to shake.
Because the initial rush of self-esteem feels so good, we want to keep getting
those compliments or winning those competitions. We keep chasing after that
initial high, but as with drugs or alcohol, we build up a tolerance so that it
progressively takes more and more to get our fix. Psychologists refer to this
process as the “hedonic treadmill” (hedonic means pleasure seeking),
comparing the pursuit of happiness to a person on a treadmill who has to
continually work harder just to stay in the same place.
Trying to continually prove your mettle in areas where your self-esteem is
invested can also backfire. If the main reason you want to win that marathon
is to feel good about yourself, what happens to your love of running in and of
itself? Instead of doing it because you enjoy it, you start doing it to get the
reward of high self-esteem. Which means you’re more likely to give up if
you stop winning races. It’s like being a dolphin who jumps through a
flaming hoop only because it wants a fish treat. But if the treat isn’t given, if
you stop getting the self-esteem boost you’re so invested in, the dolphin
doesn’t jump.
Jeanie loved classical piano and learned to play when she was only four.
The piano was the biggest source of joy in her life, reliably transporting her
to a place of serenity and beauty. As a teen, however, her mother started
entering her into piano competitions. Suddenly it wasn’t about the music
anymore. Because her developing identity was so wrapped up in being a
“good” pianist, it mattered hugely (both to Jeanie and her mother) whether

she came in first, second, or third in a competition. And if she didn’t place at
all, she felt utterly worthless. The harder Jeanie tried to play well, the worse
she performed, because she would focus more on the competition than the
music itself. By the time she entered college, Jeanie dropped piano altogether.
It had stopped being fun. Artists and athletes often tell such stories. Once we
start basing our self-esteem purely on our performance, our greatest joys in
life can start to seem like so much hard work, our pleasure morphing into
pain.

Confusing the Map for the Territory
As human beings with the capacity for self-reflection, with the ability to
construct a self-concept, our thoughts and evaluations of ourselves can easily
become confused with who we actually are. It’s as if we conflate that
Cezanne still life of a bowl of fruit with the fruit itself, mistaking the paint
and canvas for the actual apples, pears, and oranges that the still life
represents, and getting frustrated when we find we can’t eat them. Our selfconcept is not our actual self, of course. It is simply a representation, a
sometimes accurate but more often wildly inaccurate portrayal of our habitual
thoughts, emotions, and behaviors. And the sad thing is that the broad brush
strokes that outline our self-concept don’t even begin to do justice to the
complexity, subtlety, and wonder of our actual self.
Still, we identify so strongly with our mental self-portrait that painting a
positive rather than a negative picture of ourselves can feel like a matter of
life and death. If the image I construct of myself is perfect and desirable, the
unconscious thought process goes, then I am perfect and desirable, and
therefore others will accept rather than reject me. If the image I construct is
flawed or undesirable, however, then I am worthless and will be cast out and
abandoned. Our thinking on these matters tends to be incredibly black and
white—either we’re all good (phew, breathe a sigh of relief) or we’re all bad
(might as well throw in the towel now). Any threat to our mental
representation of who we are, therefore, feels like an actual, visceral threat,
and we respond as powerfully as a soldier defending his very life.
We grasp onto self-esteem as if it were an inflatable raft that will save us
—or at least save and prop up the positive sense of self that we so crave—

only to find that the raft has a gaping hole and is rapidly running out of air.
The truth is this: sometimes we display good qualities and sometimes bad.
Sometimes we act in helpful, productive ways and sometimes in harmful,
maladaptive ways. But we are not defined by these qualities or behaviors. We
are a verb not a noun, a process rather than a fixed “thing.” Our actions
change—mercurial beings that we are—according to time, circumstance,
mood, setting. We often forget this, however, and continue to flog ourselves
into the relentless pursuit of high self-esteem—the elusive holy grail—trying
to find a permanent box labeled good in which to stuff ourselves.
By sacrificing ourselves to the insatiable god of self-esteem, we are
trading the ever-unfolding wonder and mystery of our lives for a sterile
Polaroid snapshot. Instead of reveling in the richness and complexity of our
experience—the joy and the pain, the love and anger, the passion, the
triumphs and the tragedies—we try to capture and sum up our lived
experience with extremely simplistic evaluations of self-worth. But these
judgments, in a very real sense, are just thoughts. And more often than not
they aren’t even accurate thoughts. The need to see ourselves as superior also
makes us emphasize our separation from others rather than our
interconnectedness, which in turns leads to feelings of isolation,
disconnection, and insecurity. So, one might ask, is it worth it?

Self-Compassion Versus Self-Esteem
Rather than trying to define our self-worth with judgments and evaluations,
what if our positive feelings toward ourselves came from a totally different
source? What if they came from our hearts, rather than our minds?
Self-compassion does not try to capture and define the worth or essence
of who we are. It is not a thought or a label, a judgment or an evaluation.
Instead, self-compassion is a way of relating to the mystery of who we are.
Rather than managing our self-image so that it is always palatable, selfcompassion honors the fact that all human beings have both strengths and
weaknesses. Rather than getting lost in thoughts of being good or bad, we
become mindful of our present moment experience, realizing that it is ever
changing and impermanent. Our successes and failures come and go—they
neither define us nor do they determine our worthiness. They are merely part

of the process of being alive. Our minds may try to convince us otherwise,
but our hearts know that our true value lies in the core experience of being a
conscious being who feels and perceives.
This means that unlike self-esteem, the good feelings of self-compassion
do not depend on being special and above average, or on meeting ideal goals.
Instead, they come from caring about ourselves—fragile and imperfect yet
magnificent as we are. Rather than pitting ourselves against other people in
an endless comparison game, we embrace what we share with others and feel
more connected and whole in the process. And the good feelings of selfcompassion don’t go away when we mess up or things go wrong. In fact,
self-compassion steps in precisely where self-esteem lets us down—
whenever we fail or feel inadequate. When the fickle fancy of self-esteem
deserts us, the all-encompassing embrace of self-compassion is there,
patiently waiting.
Sure, you skeptics may be saying to yourself, but what does the research
show? The bottom line is that according to the science, self-compassion
appears to offer the same advantages as high self-esteem, with no discernible
downsides. The first thing to know is that self-compassion and self-esteem do
tend to go together. If you’re self-compassionate, you’ll tend to have higher
self-esteem than if you’re endlessly self-critical. And like high self-esteem—
self-compassion is associated with significantly less anxiety and depression,
as well as more happiness, optimism, and positive emotions. However, selfcompassion offers clear advantages over self-esteem when things go wrong,
or when our egos are threatened.
In one study my colleagues and I conducted, for instance, undergraduate
students were asked to fill out measures of self-compassion and self-esteem.
Next came the hard part. They were asked to participate in a mock job
interview to “test their interviewing skills.” A lot of undergrads are nervous
about the interviewing process, especially given that they will soon be
applying for jobs in real life. As part of the experiment, students were asked
to write an answer to that dreaded but inevitable interview question, “Please
describe your greatest weakness.” Afterward they were asked to report how
anxious they were feeling.
Participants’ self-compassion levels, but not their self-esteem levels,
predicted how much anxiety they felt. In other words, self-compassionate
students reported feeling less self-conscious and nervous than those who

lacked self-compassion, presumably because they felt okay admitting and
talking about their weak points. Students with high self-esteem, by contrast,
were no less anxious than those with low self-esteem, having been thrown off
balance by the challenge of discussing their failings. And interestingly, selfcompassionate people used fewer first-person singular pronouns such as “I”
when writing about their weaknesses, instead using more third-person plural
pronouns such as “we.” They also made references to friends, family, and
other humans more often. This suggests that the sense of interconnectedness
inherent to self-compassion plays an important role in its ability to buffer
against anxiety.
Another study required people to imagine being in potentially
embarrassing situations: being on a sports team and blowing a big game, for
instance, or performing in a play and forgetting one’s lines. How would
participants feel if something like this happened to them? Self-compassionate
participants were less likely to feel humiliated or incompetent, or to take it
too personally. Instead, they said they would take things in their stride,
thinking thoughts like “Everybody goofs up now and then” and “In the long
run, this doesn’t really matter.” Having high self-esteem, however, made little
difference. Those with both high and low self-esteem were equally likely to
have thoughts like “I’m such a loser” or “I wish I could die.” Once again,
high self-esteem tends to come up empty-handed when the chips are down.
In a different study, participants were asked to make a videotape that
would introduce and describe themselves. They were then told that someone
would watch their tape and give them feedback in terms of how warm,
friendly, intelligent, likable, and mature they appeared (the feedback was
bogus, of course). Half the participants received positive feedback, the other
neutral feedback. Self-compassionate people were relatively unflustered
regardless of whether the feedback was positive or neutral, and they were
willing to say the feedback was based on their own personality either way.
People with high levels of self-esteem, however, tended to get upset when
they received neutral feedback (what, I’m just average?). They were also
more likely to deny that the neutral feedback was due to their own personality
(surely it’s because the person who watched my tape was an idiot!). This
suggests that self-compassionate people are better able to accept who they are
regardless of the degree of praise they receive from others. Self-esteem, on
the other hand, only thrives when the reviews are good and may lead to

evasive and counterproductive tactics when there’s a possibility of facing any
unpleasant truths about oneself.
Recently, my colleague Roos Vonk and I investigated the benefits of selfcompassion versus self-esteem with more than three thousand people from
various walks of life, the largest study to examine this issue so far. First, we
examined the stability of positive feelings experienced toward the self over
time. Did these feelings tend to go up and down like a yo-yo or were they
relatively constant? We hypothesized that self-esteem would be associated
with relatively unstable feelings of self-worth, since self-esteem tends to be
diminished whenever things don’t turn out as well as desired. On the other
hand, because compassion can be extended to oneself in both good times and
bad, we expected the feelings of self-worth associated with self-compassion
to remain steadier over time.
To test this idea, we had participants report on how they were feeling
toward themselves at the time—for instance, “I feel inferior to others at this
moment” or “I feel good about myself”—doing so twelve different times over
a period of eight months.
Next, we calculated the degree to which overall levels of self-compassion
or self-esteem predicted stability in self-worth over this period. As expected,
self-compassion was clearly associated with steadier and more constant
feelings of self-worth than self-esteem. We also found that self-compassion
was less likely than self-esteem to be contingent on particular outcomes like
social approval, competing successfully, or feeling attractive. When our sense
of self-worth stems from being a human being intrinsically worthy of respect
—rather than being contingent on obtaining certain ideals—our sense of selfworth is much less easily shaken.
We also found that in comparison to self-esteem, self-compassion was
associated with less social comparison and less need to retaliate for perceived
personal slights. It was also linked to less “need for cognitive closure,” which
is psych-speak for the need to be right without question. People who invest
their self-worth in feeling superior and infallible tend to get angry and
defensive when their status is threatened. People who compassionately accept
their imperfection, however, no longer need to engage in such unhealthy
behaviors to protect their egos. In fact, a striking finding of the study was that
people with high self-esteem were much more narcissistic than those with
low self-esteem. In contrast, self-compassion was completely unassociated

with narcissism. (The reason there wasn’t a negative association is because
people who lack self-compassion don’t tend to be narcissistic, either.)



Freedom from the Ego
One might say that with self-compassion, although the ego doesn’t

completely go away, it moves from the foreground into the background.
Instead of evaluating yourself as an isolated individual with boundaries that
are clearly defined in contrast to others, you see yourself as part of a greater,
interconnected whole. The idea that there is some “separate self” that can be
judged independently from the many interacting conditions that created that
“self” is an illusion. It is only when we fall into the trap of believing that we
are “distinct entities” that the issue of self-esteem even comes into play. Of
course we want to experience the happiness that stems from feeling good
about ourselves; everyone does. Moreover, this happiness is our birthright.
But happiness—real, lasting happiness—can be best experienced when we
are engaged in the flow of life—connected to rather than separate from
everything else.
When we’re mainly filtering our experience through the ego, constantly
trying to improve or maintain our high self-esteem, we’re denying ourselves
the thing we actually want most. To be accepted as we are, an integral part of
something much greater than our small selves. Unbounded. Immeasurable.
Free.

Chapter Eight

MOTIVATION AND PERSONAL GROWTH
The curious paradox is that when I accept myself just as I am, then
I can change.
—CARL ROGERS, On Becoming a Person

TWO OUTLAWS WERE SITTING IN THE SALOON WHEN ONE SAYS TO the other,
“Have you seen Billy the Kid lately?”
“Yep. I had lunch with him the other day.”
“Oh?”
“Yep, I was riding my horse over the bridge into town, and there was
Billy, with a gun, pointed at me. ‘Get down off yer horse,’ he says.
“What can I do? He has the gun, so I get down off the horse.
“Billy points at a pile of horse poop. ‘See the horse poop? Eat the horse
poop.’
“What can I do? He has the gun. I eat the poop.
“Then Billy laughs; he laughs so hard he drops the gun. I grab it.
“‘Hey Billy,’ I say. ‘Now I have the gun. See the horse poop? Eat the
horse poop.’
“What can he do? I have the gun. He eats the poop.
“So like I said, we had lunch together the other day.”
THIS (ADMITTEDLY SOMEWHAT GRATUITOUS) JOKE HIGHLIGHTS THE widespread
belief that we need to put a gun to someone’s head to make them do
something unpalatable—especially when the someone is us.
The number one reason people give for why they aren’t more

compassionate to themselves is fear of laziness and self-indulgence. “Spare
the rod, spoil the child,” the saying goes, revealing the belief that only harsh
punishment can keep indolence at bay. Corporal punishment might be less
common in families and schools today, but we still cling to this approach
with ourselves, believing that self-flagellation (even if only mental) is both
useful and effective. It’s the old carrot-and-stick approach—self-judgment is
the stick and self-esteem is the carrot. If you do what you’re supposed to do
even though you don’t want to, you can avoid being bashed with selfcriticism and feel better about yourself.
I had an undergraduate student named Holly who really bought into this.
She was convinced that she needed to be tough on herself to keep herself in
line, so that she would be the person she wanted to be. Born to a conservative
Texas family with incredibly high expectations, she felt it wasn’t enough to
merely graduate college; she had to earn an MBA. Her parents had never
gotten beyond high school: all their hopes and dreams were pinned on their
daughter’s success. The way she kept up this intense pressure on herself was
through constant self-criticism. If she got a worse-than-expected grade on an
exam, she would pummel herself with harsh self-talk: “You’re so stupid and
lame. You’ll never get into grad school if you keep messing up like this,” and
so on. The reward she dangled in front of her nose for working so hard was
pride. Holly wanted her parents to be proud of her, and she wanted to be
proud of herself. She believed that the only way she would ever be able to
reach her goals was to spur herself on with merciless self-criticism.
This type of thinking is incredibly common, but is it true?

The Demoralizing Whip
First, consider the mind-state that self-criticism engenders. What type of
mood do the words “You’re such a lazy good-for-nothing, I hate you” put
you in? Energized, inspired, ready to take on the world? Go get ’em, champ.
It’s even easier to see when we think about motivating other people, such
as children. Let’s say your ten-year-old daughter comes home with a failing
exam grade. What’s the best way to encourage her to adopt better study
habits so that she can do better next time? Should you fiercely criticize her?
Tell her she’s useless and send her to bed without any supper? Of course not.

Such harsh criticism would emotionally flatten her to the point where she’d
have little energy left over to reapply herself to her studies. Sadly, some
parents do take this approach, but it’s far from ideal. More effective would be
to reassure her that these things happen, that she is still loved, and to firmly
but compassionately encourage a new study routine, assuring her that she can
and will do better.
We all know that positive, reassuring messages create the mind-state most
conducive to working hard and reaching one’s highest potential. We need to
feel calm, secure, and confident in order to do our best. That’s why when we
try to motivate those we love, we usually bend over backward to let them
know we believe in them, that they have our undying loyalty, affection, and
support. But for some strange reason, we often take the exact opposite
approach with ourselves.
Researchers who study motivation have consistently found that our level
of self-confidence has a dramatic impact on our ability to reach our goals.
Dozens of studies have confirmed that our beliefs in our own abilities—
which research psychologist Albert Bandura terms “self-efficacy” beliefs—
are directly related to our ability to achieve our dreams.
For example, one study followed more than two hundred high school
wrestlers through the course of one wrestling season. It was found that,
independent of their prior success at wrestling, those students who had
stronger self-efficacy beliefs won more matches than those who doubted
themselves. This was especially apparent in high-pressure overtime situations
where the match was tied. Wrestling matches decided in overtime are
“sudden death”—where the first wrestler to score wins. They are difficult
because both wrestlers are exhausted, and a tie indicates an even match of
physical skills. In such cases, the only factor that predicts a win is the
wrestler’s mental belief in his own ability.
Because self-criticism tends to undermine self-efficacy beliefs, selfcriticism may harm rather than help our ability to do our best. By constantly
putting ourselves down we eventually begin to lose faith in ourselves,
meaning we aren’t able to go as far as we’re capable of going. Self-criticism
is also strongly associated with depression, and a depressive mind-set is not
exactly conducive to a “get-up-and-go” attitude.
Of course, self-criticism must be somewhat effective as a motivator,
otherwise so many people wouldn’t do it. If self-criticism works at all,

however, it is only for one reason: fear. Because it is so unpleasant to be
harshly criticized by ourselves when we fail, we become motivated by the
desire to escape our own self-judgment. It’s like we’re putting our own heads
on the chopping block, constantly threatening the worst, knowing that the
terror of our own harsh self-criticism will prevent us from being complacent.
This approach works to a certain degree, but it has some serious
drawbacks. One of the biggest problems with using fear as a motivator is that
anxiety itself can undermine performance. Whether it’s public speaking
anxiety, test anxiety, writer’s block, or stage fright, we know that fear of
being negatively judged can be pretty debilitating. Anxiety distracts people
from the task at hand, interfering with their ability to focus and give their
best.
Not only does self-criticism create anxiety, it can also lead to
psychological tricks designed to prevent self-blame in the case of failure,
which in turn makes failure more likely. The tendency to undermine your
performance in ways that create a plausible excuse for failing is known as
“self-handicapping.” One common form of self-handicapping is simply not
trying very hard. If I don’t practice ahead of time for my neighborhood tennis
match, I can blame losing the match on my lack of practice rather than on
being a bad tennis player. Another common strategy is procrastination. If I
mess up on a work assignment that I didn’t start preparing for until the last
minute, I can blame my failure on lack of preparation rather than
incompetence.
Research indicates that self-critics are less likely to achieve their goals
because of these sorts of self-handicapping strategies. In one study, for
instance, college students were asked to describe their various academic,
social, and health-related goals, and then to report on how much progress
they had made toward these goals. Self-critics made significantly less
progress toward their goals than others and also reported that they
procrastinated more often. So, instead of being a useful motivational tool,
self-criticism may actually cause us to shoot ourselves in the foot.
Jim was one of the worst procrastinators I’d ever met. Everything he did
was done at the last minute. Whenever he felt insecure about his ability to
pull off an important task, he’d procrastinate so that if he messed up he would
have a ready excuse—“I ran out of time.” When he took his GRE exam to try
to get into grad school, for instance, he didn’t start studying until a few days

before. When he got his score back, which was okay but not fantastic, he told
me, “Well, it’s actually not that bad considering I hardly studied.” When it
came time to get an internship as part of his master’s program in social work,
he waited until the last minute to send out his applications. Not surprisingly,
the only internship he ended up being offered was the one no one else
wanted. His response? “Well, most of the positions were already filled by the
time I sent in my application. At least I got something.”
The worst, however, was his wedding day. Jim’s fiancée, Naomi, made
all the arrangements for the big event herself, hoping that the ceremony—
held in the beautiful nineteenth-century church her family had attended when
she was a child—would be perfect. Naomi picked out matching dresses for
her bridesmaids and tuxedos for Jim and his groomsmen. The one thing she
asked Jim to do was buy a pair of black dress shoes for his tux. The wedding
was Sunday at noon, so Jim thought he was doing great by hitting the
shopping mall at 9:00 A.M. He’d have plenty of time to buy the shoes and
show up at the church vestibule at 11:00 A.M. as instructed.
What he forgot, of course, was that the mall didn’t open until noon on
Sunday. There were no shoe stores in the local area that opened before noon.
Jim didn’t own a pair of dress shoes; all he had were two pairs of colored
high-top sneakers and a grungy pair of leather sandals. He was screwed.
Luckily, he remembered that the local dollar store opened at 10:00 A.M. and
that they had a small shoe collection. He could pick up something there. The
only shoes they had in black, however, were some cheap Croc rip-offs. They
would have to do. Naomi didn’t see Jim’s shoes until he was walking down
the aisle, and although her face registered a brief look of shock and horror,
she quite rightly decided to ignore the issue for the time being and focus on
what was most important—their wedding vows. Afterward at the reception,
however, I saw them having a pretty tense exchange. While trying not to
eavesdrop (okay, maybe I was eavesdropping a little), I heard Jim say: “Well,
considering I didn’t go shopping until this morning, they aren’t so bad. And
they’re pretty comfortable . . .”
Although it’s true that Jim somehow managed to squeak by with his lastminute efforts, and saved himself from harsh self-criticism by always having
a ready excuse at hand when he messed up, Jim never reached his full
potential. He could have gotten into a better grad school, one where his
intelligence could really shine, if he had started studying for his GREs earlier.

He could have gotten a better internship, one that gave him experience in the
area of social work that most appealed to him, if he had sent out his
applications in a timely manner. He could have prevented the fight he had
with his new bride on his wedding day if he’d just gone to the mall a day
earlier. If Jim was more comfortable with the fact that he might fail even
when he did his best, he wouldn’t have to self-sabotage in order to save his
ego when he did fail. And failure of some sort is inevitable when we only
make a halfhearted effort.

Because You Care
So why is self-compassion a more effective motivator than self-criticism?
Because its driving force is love not fear. Love allows us to feel confident
and secure (in part by pumping up our oxytocin), while fear makes us feel
insecure and jittery (sending our amygdala into overdrive and flooding our
systems with cortisol). When we trust ourselves to be understanding and
compassionate when we fail, we won’t cause ourselves unnecessary stress
and anxiety. We can relax knowing that we’ll be accepted regardless of how
well or how poorly we do. But if that’s true, why should we try working hard
at all? Why not just kick up our feet eating pizza and watching TV reruns all
day?
Many people assume that self-compassion is just a feel-good warm fuzzy
—a way to coddle ourselves and nothing more. But healing and growth are
not served by such superficial treatment. Unlike self-criticism, which asks if
you’re good enough, self-compassion asks what’s good for you? Selfcompassion taps into your inner desire to be healthy and happy. If you care
about yourself, you’ll do what you need to do to in order to learn and grow.
You’ll want to change unhelpful patterns of behavior, even if that means
giving up certain things you like for a while. Caring parents don’t constantly
feed their children candy just because their kids love candy. Indulging your
child’s every whim is not a sign of good parenting. Being nurturing toward
those we care about means sometimes saying no.
In the same way, self-compassion involves valuing yourself in a deep
way, making choices that lead to well-being in the long term. Selfcompassion wants to heal dysfunctions, not perpetuate them. There’s nothing

wrong with occasionally indulging yourself, of course. Sometimes eating that
piece of lemon cheesecake is actually a form of self-care. But overindulgence
(i.e., eating the whole cheesecake) doesn’t feel good. It’s counterproductive
because it prevents us from getting what we really want: to reach our highest
potential.
The Buddha referred to the motivational quality of self-compassion as
“right effort.” From this point of view, wrong effort comes from concern with
the ego, with proving oneself, with the desire for control. This type of effort
actually increases suffering, because it makes you feel separate and
disconnected from the rest of the world and sets up the expectation that things
should always be as we want them to be. Right effort, on the other hand,
comes from the natural desire to heal suffering. As the Buddha said, “It is
like perceiving one’s hair being on fire.” The actions that are spurred when
we see our hair go up in smoke, like grabbing a wet towel or jumping in the
shower, stem from wanting to solve the problem, to escape from the danger
of being burned. They don’t come from the desire to prove ourselves (see
what an excellent fire-putter-outer I am?). In the same way, the effort that
comes from self-compassion is not the result of egoistic striving, but the
natural desire to ameliorate suffering.
If we want to prosper, we need to face up to ways we might be harming
ourselves and figure out how to make things better. We don’t have to be cruel
to ourselves in this process, however. We can be kind and supportive while
engaging in the difficult work of change. We can recognize that life is hard,
that challenges are part of the human experience. Luckily, kindness and
encouragement feel pretty good, and they sure help the medicine go down.

Exercise One
Identifying What We Really Want
1. Think about the ways that you use self-criticism as a motivator.
Is there any personal trait that you criticize yourself for (such as
being moody, lazy, overweight, etc.) because you think being hard
on yourself will help you change? If so, first try to get in touch with
the emotional pain that your self-criticism causes, giving yourself

compassion for the experience of feeling so judged.
2. Next, see if you can think of a kinder, more caring way to
motivate yourself to make a change if needed. What language
would a wise and nurturing friend, parent, teacher, or mentor use to
gently point out how your behavior is unproductive, while
simultaneously encouraging you to do something different? What is
the most supportive message you can think of that’s in line with
your underlying wish to be healthy and happy?
3. Every time you catch yourself being judgmental about your
unwanted trait in the future, first notice the pain of your selfjudgment and give yourself compassion. Then try to reframe your
inner dialogue so that it is more encouraging and supportive.
Remember that if you really want to motivate yourself, love is
more powerful than fear.

Self-Compassion, Learning, and Personal Growth
Many people are afraid they won’t be ambitious enough if they’re
compassionate with themselves. Research suggests otherwise. In one study,
for example, we examined how people reacted when they failed to meet their
standards, and also how high their standards were in the first place. We found
that self-compassionate people were just as likely to have high standards for
themselves as those who lacked self-compassion, but they were much less
likely to be hard on themselves on the occasions when they didn’t meet those
standards. We’ve also found that self-compassionate people are more
oriented toward personal growth than those who continually criticize
themselves. They’re more likely to formulate specific plans for reaching their
goals, and for making their lives more balanced. Self-compassion in no way
lowers where you set your sites in life. It does, however, soften how you react
when you don’t do as well as you hoped, which actually helps you achieve
your goals in the long run.
The ability to realize our potential depends partly on where our
motivation comes from. Is it intrinsic or extrinsic? Intrinsic motivation occurs
when we’re driven to do something because we want to learn, grow, or
because the activity is just plain interesting. Extrinsic motivation occurs when

we’re driven to do something in order to gain a reward or escape a
punishment. Even when rewards and punishments come from within, like the
reward of self-esteem or the punishment of self-criticism, our motivation is
still extrinsic because we’re engaging in an activity for ulterior motives.
Research psychologist Carol Dweck, author of Mindset, distinguishes two
main reasons why people want to achieve their goals. People with learning
goals are intrinsically motivated by curiosity and the desire to develop new
skills. They want to achieve because they want to gain knowledge, and most
important, they view making mistakes as a part of the learning process. Those
with performance goals, on the other hand, are extrinsically motivated to
defend or enhance their self-esteem. They want to do well so that others will
approve of them and tend to avoid failure at all costs. This means that instead
of challenging themselves they take the safe road. You know the type. People
who just want the easy A and don’t really care how much they learn in the
process. Research shows that in the long run, learning goals are more
effective than performance goals. Learning goals propel people to try harder
for longer, because they enjoy what they do. They also enable people to ask
for the help and guidance they need, because they’re less worried about
looking incompetent for not already knowing the right answer.
Take Kate and Danielle, for example. Twin sisters who both loved
animals as young girls, they had dozens of pictures of lions, zebras, rhinos,
giraffes, and other exotic animals plastered all over their bedroom walls while
growing up. They used to dream about being zookeepers one day. They
ended up going to the same local university and enrolled in an upper-level
zoology course their junior year. The course was extremely difficult, and both
actually failed their first exam. Danielle had always thought of herself as a
good student and couldn’t stand the thought that she might get a failing grade
in the course. So she dropped out. Kate didn’t care. She was learning about
animals, and that was what was most important. She went to the teaching
assistant’s office hours almost every week and ended up getting a B in the
course. After graduation, Danielle got an entry-level management position at
a large corporation. The job was well paid, and she was able to impress all
her friends by buying a new car after only a few months of employment. The
job was relatively easy and secure, but also pretty boring. Kate, on the other
hand, saved up enough money working as a waitress to go to Botswana for a
month, where she had the best time of her life. She decided that she wanted to

open her own safari business one day, and after various low-paid and
demanding internships learning the ropes, eventually did. Kate and Danielle
were both intelligent, hardworking young women, but it was Kate who
challenged herself and ended up fulfilling a lifelong dream.
As you might suspect, our research finds that self-compassionate people
are more likely to have learning rather than performance goals. Because their
motivation stems from the desire to learn and grow, rather than from the
desire to escape self-criticism, they are more willing to take learning risks.
This is largely because they’re not so afraid of failure. Among a group of
undergraduates who had recently failed a midterm exam, for example, we
found that self-compassionate students were more likely to reinterpret their
failure as a growth opportunity rather than as a condemnation of self-worth.
When you can trust that failure will be greeted with understanding rather than
judgment, it no longer becomes the boogeyman lurking in the closet. Instead,
failure can be recognized as the master teacher that it is.
Research also indicates that failure is less likely to damage the overall
self-efficacy beliefs of self-compassionate people. Because they aren’t so
hard on themselves when they fall down, they retain enough confidence in
their abilities to pick themselves up and try again. In fact, a recent study
found that when self-compassionate people are forced to give up on a goal
that’s important to them—an inevitability at some point in life—they tend to
refocus their energy on a new and different goal. Self-critics, on the other
hand, are more likely to throw in the towel. Self-compassionate people have
also been found to procrastinate less than those lacking self-compassion. This
is partly because they report being less worried about how others view their
performances, and thus don’t require a plausible excuse for failing.
So it’s definitely not the case that self-compassion leads to complacency
and inertia. Quite the opposite. By losing our fear of failure, we become free
to challenge ourselves to a far greater degree than would otherwise be
possible. At the same time, by acknowledging the limitations of being
human, we are better able to recognize which goals are working for us and
which are not, and when it’s time to take a new approach. Far from being a
form of self-indulgence, self-compassion and real achievement go hand in
hand. Self-compassion inspires us to pursue our dreams and creates the brave,
confident, curious, and resilient mind-set that allows us to actually achieve
them.

Exercise Two
Self-Compassion and Procrastination
We procrastinate for different reasons. Sometimes we just don’t
want to do an unpleasant task. Sometimes we procrastinate because
we’re afraid of failing. Luckily, self-compassion can help deal with
procrastination so that it becomes less of a hindrance.
UNPLEASANTNESS
It’s very common to keep putting off unpleasant tasks, like doing
our taxes or writing up those incredibly boring notes for work. Or
even if the chore isn’t particularly unpleasant, like folding and
putting away laundry, sometimes we just don’t feel like getting off
our butts. This isn’t surprising, given that it’s natural to want to
relax and avoid unpleasantness. And putting off these types of tasks
is not necessarily a problem unless it ends up causing you more
stress in your life because you aren’t getting the needful done. If
you find that you habitually procrastinate when faced with doing
things you don’t want to do, it can help to go to the emotion
underlying your resistance itself. We often avoid thinking about
unwanted tasks because it makes us feel uncomfortable. Another
approach, however, is to give yourself compassion for the very
human reactions of displeasure and avoidance. Allow yourself to
fully dive into the sensation of dread or lethargy or whatever is
coming up for you when you think about the task. Can you feel the
emotions in your body, holding them in nonjudgmental, mindful
awareness? Recognize that these are moments of suffering, even if
on a small scale. All our emotions are worthy of being felt and
validated. Once you give yourself the sense of comfort you want,
you’ll probably find yourself less resistant to getting started.
FEAR OF FAILURE
Sometimes the emotions underlying our habitual procrastination
run deeper. If the task is an important one, like starting a big work

project, we are often daunted by the possibility of failure. The
feelings of fear that come up when thinking about taking on the
project, and the feelings of unworthiness that come up when we
think about possibly blowing it, can be overwhelming. Again, when
we don’t want to experience unpleasant emotions, procrastination is
a very common way to tune out. And sometimes our unconscious
tries to sabotage us so that if we do fail, we can avoid feeling
unworthy by blaming our failure on not having enough time to do
the job well. If this pattern is habitual, it could seriously limit the
extent to which you reach your full potential.
If you suspect your procrastination is due to fear of failure, it’s
a good time to revisit much of what has been discussed in this
book. Remember that all people fail sometimes; it’s part of the
human condition. And every failure is an incredibly powerful
learning opportunity. Promise yourself that if you do fail, you’ll be
kind, gentle, and understanding with yourself rather than harshly
self-critical. Comfort the scared little child inside of you who
doesn’t want to venture into the dark unknown, assuring him or her
that you’ll be there to provide support along the way. And then see
if you can take the plunge. As we all know from experience, the
worst part of dealing with a difficult task is often drawing up the
courage to start.

Searching for True Happiness
The types of dreams inspired by self-compassion are more likely to yield true
happiness than those motivated by self-criticism. Our research indicates that
self-compassionate people tend to be more authentic and autonomous in their
lives, whereas those who lack self-compassion tend to be more conformist
because they don’t want to risk social judgment or rejection. Authenticity and
autonomy are crucial for happiness, of course, because without them life can
feel like meaningless drudgery.
Holly, the undergraduate student I talked about earlier in the chapter,
learned this lesson eventually. After studying the concept of self-compassion
in one of my classes, she began to see that being so critical of herself was

only causing her harm. She was getting migraine headaches, which the doctor
told her was from stress. Self-induced stress. The headaches got so bad she
was having trouble studying. She had to do something. So she decided to give
self-compassion a proper try. She set the timer on her cell phone to go off at
various intervals throughout the day, and whenever it beeped she asked
herself the question—what would be the most healthy and most selfcompassionate thing for me to do right now? (As you can see, Holly did
everything in a very methodical and determined manner!)
After about a month we met to talk about how her experiment was going.
To her surprise, she said that she didn’t find herself studying any less
frequently or working any less hard by being kinder to herself. In fact,
whenever she stopped to ask what would be the healthiest thing to do in the
moment, the answer was often focused on her school work. However, she did
start taking naps if she had stayed up late studying the night before, so as a
result she was more alert when she worked. She also tried to use gentler,
more supportive language with herself whenever she had difficulties or got
stuck. This seemed to help her get unstuck more quickly. In fact, when she
was having a particularly hard time with one paper, she actually stopped by
the professor’s office to ask for assistance. She never would have done that
before, she said, out of fear of seeming stupid. But she eventually realized
that it was only human to need help, and she ended up doing a much better
job on the paper than she would have done otherwise.
About a year later, Holly stopped by my office again to say hello and to
see whether I would write her a letter of recommendation for graduate school.
Holly had been a business major and had always planned on getting her
MBA. This was certainly what her parents wanted and expected. But instead,
she was applying to a school of special education. She had been volunteering
for a local nonprofit that worked with disabled kids (to make her résumé look
good, she admitted) and said she unexpectedly found her calling. Her time as
a volunteer was the happiest she had ever been, and she wanted her
professional life to make a difference in the world. Despite her parents’
protestations, Holly realized she wanted to be happy in her life, to do what
personally fulfilled her. So Holly got a master’s degree in special education,
and at last report was thriving as a special needs teacher in a local elementary
school. Self-compassion might lead us to make unconventional choices for
ourselves, but these will be the right choices made for the right reasons—the

desire to follow our hearts.

Self-Compassion and Our Bodies
Much of my discussion of self-compassion and motivation has focused on the
realm of learning, probably because I’m a university professor and I deal with
these issues every day. But self-compassion is a powerful motivator in many
different domains. One area in which self-compassion plays a particularly
strong role is in the epic struggle to accept our bodies. We often tear
ourselves to shreds with self-criticism when we don’t look the way we think
we’re supposed to. We stare at the superthin, aerobicized models on the
covers of magazines and, understandably, don’t feel we measure up. Even the
cover girls don’t feel they measure up, since most images are digitally
enhanced.
Given the value placed on beauty in our society, it’s not surprising that
perceived attractiveness is one of the most important areas in which people
invest their sense of self-worth. This holds true for both genders, but
especially for females. If you want to know why teen girls often have selfesteem issues, you need only consider their perceived attractiveness.
Research shows that boys’ perceptions of their attractiveness tends to remain
relatively stable during the child and adolescent years: third grade—looking
good; seventh grade—looking good; eleventh grade—still looking good.
Girls, on the other hand, feel more insecure about their looks as they grow
older: third grade—looking good; seventh grade—not so sure anymore;
eleventh grade—I’m so ugly! What’s wrong with this picture? Are guys
really more attractive than girls are? I think not.
The problem is that standards for female beauty are so much higher than
those for males, especially when it comes to weight. Women are supposed to
be rail thin but also super curvy, a nearly impossible ideal to achieve without
plastic surgery and constant dieting. We may think it’s mainly the rich and
famous who cling to such unrealistic ideals, as jokes like this one attest: “A
beggar walked up to a well-dressed woman shopping on Rodeo Drive and
said to her, ‘I haven’t eaten anything in four days.’ She looked at him and
said, ‘God, I wish I had your willpower.’” In fact, research indicates that four
out of five American women are dissatisfied with the way they look, and over

half are on a diet at any one time. Almost 50 percent of all girls between first
and third grade say they want to be thinner, and by age eighteen fully 80
percent of girls report that they have dieted at some point in their life.
For some, the obsession with thinness leads to eating disorders such as
anorexia or bulimia. Anorexia involves undereating to the point of near
starvation. Bulimia entails eating unusually large amounts of food in one
sitting (binging), then getting rid of the calories afterward (purging) either by
vomiting, abusing laxatives, or overexercising. Despite the strong cultural
emphasis on thinness and dieting, however, the most prevalent eating
disorder is actually binge eating—which occurs when people overeat past the
point of fullness but don’t purge afterward.
Psychologists agree that when people binge eat they are often trying to
satiate an internal emotional hunger. Stuffing yourself numbs painful
feelings. It’s a way of medicating yourself with food. Indulging in the
pleasures of food is also an easy way to make yourself happy, at least in the
short term. The long-term impact of overeating, however, is not pleasant.
Fully one-third of all Americans are classified as obese, and it’s estimated
that about half of all people who are obese suffer from binge-eating disorder.
This causes major health problems in society and costs the medical system
billions of dollars each year. Not to mention the emotional pain and selfloathing experienced by people who are obese. People with binge eating
disorder are caught in an unfortunate downward spiral—depression fuels
overeating, which leads to obesity, which leads to further depression.
So why is being overweight so common at the same time that most people
are trying to diet? Because as almost everyone knows from personal
experience, diets don’t work. People start diets because they hate the way
they look, but when they break their diet—as everyone eventually does—
they’re likely to gain back more than they lost in the first place. After
overeating at an office party, for instance, the inner dialogue may go like this:
I can’t believe I ate so much. I’m so disgusted with myself. I guess I might as
well finish off that bowl of chips since I’m clearly a lost cause. And, of
course, criticizing yourself in this way will probably make you eat even more
as a means of self-comfort—eating to feel better because you feel bad about
eating. It’s a vicious cycle that’s hard to stop and is one of the reasons why
the pattern of yo-yo dieting is so common.
A self-compassionate response to breaking one’s diet looks radically

different. First, self-compassion involves forgiving yourself for your lapses.
If your ultimate goal is to be healthy, then it doesn’t really matter if you fall
off your diet from time to time. We are not machines whose dial can simply
be turned to “reduce calorie input.” Most people fluctuate in their ability to
stay focused on their eating goals. Two steps forward, one step back seems to
be the natural way of things. By having compassion for yourself when you
fall off your diet, you’ll be less driven to overeat as a way to make you feel
better afterward.
A recent study supports this claim. Female undergraduate students were
asked to eat a doughnut as part of a research study—they were given the
cover story that they were taking part in a study of eating habits while
watching television. After eating the doughnut, half the participants were
given instructions to help them feel more compassionate about indulging in
the sweet treat: “Several people have told me that they feel bad about eating
doughnuts in this study, so I hope you won’t be hard on yourself. Everyone
eats unhealthily sometimes, and everyone in this study eats this stuff, so I
don’t think there’s any reason to feel really bad about it.” The other half in
the control group weren’t told anything. Researchers found that among
women who were on a diet, those in the control group reported feeling more
guilty and ashamed after eating the doughnut. And later on, when they were
given the opportunity to eat as much candy as they wanted as part of a
supposed “taste-testing” session, they actually ate more candy than those who
weren’t on a diet. In contrast, dieting women who were encouraged to be
self-compassionate about the doughnut were much less distraught. They also
didn’t overeat in the taste-testing session afterward, meaning that they were
better able to stick to their weight-loss goals despite momentarily falling off
the wagon.
Exercise is also an important part of being healthy, and research suggests
that self-compassionate people tend to exercise for the right reasons. For
instance, self-compassionate women tend to have intrinsic rather than
extrinsic motivation to exercise. This means they play sports or work out
because they find it fulfilling and worthwhile and not because they think
they’re supposed to. Research also shows that self-compassionate people are
more comfortable with their bodies and aren’t as obsessed with physical
appearance as those who are more self-critical. They’re also less likely to
worry about how they look to other people.

Oprah, whose weight-loss efforts have been the focus of intense media
attention, is a good role model for how to deal with body issues
compassionately. In a memorable 1988 episode of her show, she wheeled out
a wagon loaded with fat to represent the sixty-seven pounds she had shed.
Shortly afterward she gained the weight back. She dropped the weight again
in 2005 through a well-chronicled diet and exercise program. She eventually
gained much of it back. Despite the ups and downs, Oprah remains focused
on what’s most important: “My goal isn’t to be thin. My goal is for my body
to be the weight it can hold—to be strong and healthy and fit, to be itself. My
goal is to learn to embrace this body and to be grateful every day for what it
has given me.”
When you don’t need to be perfect in order to feel good about yourself,
you can drop the obsessive fixation with being thin enough or pretty enough
and accept yourself as you are, even revel in who you are. Being comfortable
in your own skin allows you to focus on what’s really important, being
healthy—and that always looks good.

Exercise Three
Self-Compassion and Our Bodies
Having compassion for the imperfection of our bodies can be
especially challenging in a culture that is obsessed with physical
attractiveness. We need to learn to love and accept our bodies as
they are, not in comparison to unrealistic media images of beauty.
At the same time, many people don’t take good care of their bodies.
The stress of life often leads us to eat and drink more than we
should, and our bodies can suffer due to a lack of exercise and time
outdoors. The middle way involves accepting our imperfection,
recognizing that beauty comes in all different shapes and sizes, at
the same time that we nurture our physical health and well-being.
1. Start by taking a pen and paper and making a kind but honest
assessment of your body. First list all the features of your body that
you like. Maybe you have great hair or a lovely smile. Don’t
overlook things that may not normally factor into your self-image:

the fact that you have strong hands, or the fact that your stomach
digests food well (not something to be taken for granted!). Let
yourself fully appreciate the aspects of your body that you’re happy
with.
2. Now list all the features of your body that you don’t like so
well. Maybe you have blemished skin, or think your hips are too
wide, or you’re out of shape and get tired easily. Give yourself
compassion for the difficulty of being an imperfect human.
Everyone has aspects of their body they’re unhappy with. Almost
no one reaches their physical ideal. At the same time, make sure
you’re making a balanced assessment of your deficits. Is the fact
that your hair is turning gray really such a problem? Are those extra
ten pounds really an issue in terms of feeling good and healthy in
your body? Don’t try to minimize your flaws, but don’t blow them
out of proportion either.
3. Now give yourself compassion for your imperfections,
remembering how difficult it is to feel such strong societal pressure
to look a certain way. Try to be kind, supportive, and understanding
toward yourself as you confront the suffering you face—the
suffering that most people face—because you’re dissatisfied with
your body.
4. Finally, try to think if there are any steps you want to take
that will help you feel better in your body. Forgetting about what
other people think, is there anything you would like to change
because you care about yourself? Would you feel better if you lost
some weight or exercised more, or if you got highlights in your hair
to hide the gray? If so, go for it! As you chart out the changes you
want to make, make sure that you motivate yourself with kindness
rather than self-criticism. Remember that what’s most important is
your desire to be healthy and happy.

Self-Clarity and Self-Improvement
Not only does self-compassion provide a powerful motivational engine for
change, it also provides the clarity needed to know what needs changing in

the first place. Research indicates that people who suffer from shame and
self-judgment are more likely to blame others for their moral failures. Who
wants to admit their inadequacies when it means facing the attack dogs of
self-criticism? It’s easier to sweep things under the rug or point your finger at
someone else.
Men are especially vulnerable to this pattern, given that the ideal man in
our culture is supposed to be strong and infallible. When faced with his
inadequacies, men often use anger as a way to deflect responsibility. Anger
allows a man to feel temporarily tough and powerful, covering up any
feelings of weakness stemming from personal failure. By blaming others he
can also feel like a victim (of his wife’s erratic moods or sharp tongue, for
example), which in turn justifies his feelings of righteous anger. It’s a vicious
cycle that can lead to truly vicious behavior.
Steven Stosny, the well-known author of Love Without Hurt, has created
a program for emotionally and physically abusive men that centers on the
development of self-compassion. In three-day workshops he calls “boot
camps,” men with severe anger issues are taught to clearly see and
understand the feelings of vulnerability underlying their rage, so that the
cycle of blame and anger can end. When men start to relate to their
deficiencies with compassion rather than shame, they no longer need to deny
personal responsibility in order to defend their egos. This allows them to
focus on their true desire: fostering loving, mutually supportive relationships
with others. Stosny’s anger-management boot camps are some of the most
successful in the country and attest to the power of self-compassion to foster
self-clarity and change.
A recent research study also supports the notion that self-compassion
makes it easier to admit to needed areas of improvement. Participants were
asked to recall a previous failure, rejection, or loss that made them feel bad
about themselves. They were then told to write about the event, what led up
to the event, who was present, precisely what happened, and how they felt
and behaved at the time. Afterward, researchers gave one group of
participants exercises designed to help them have compassion for the event.
For instance, they were asked to list ways that others have had similar
experiences, and to write a paragraph expressing feelings of kindness,
concern, and understanding for what had happened. Another group was
simply asked to write about the event with no particular instructions. The

group who were encouraged to have self-compassion had fewer negative
emotions such as anger, anxiety, or sadness when writing about what
happened than those in the other group. At the same time, they also took
more personal responsibility for the event.
Self-compassion doesn’t just amount to letting ourselves off the hook.
Rather, by softening the blow of self-judgment and recognizing our imperfect
humanity, we can see ourselves with much greater honesty and clarity.
Maybe we do tend to overreact, to be irresponsible, to be passive, to be
controlling, and so on. In order to work on these patterns and help ourselves
(and others) suffer less because of them, we need to acknowledge our
shortcomings. We need to recognize how we have harmed others in order to
heal the wounds we have caused. By self-compassionately accepting the fact
that all people make mistakes and act in ways they regret, we can more easily
admit our wrongdoings and try to make things right again. If we’re consumed
with feelings of shame and inadequacy because of what we’ve done, we are
actually being self-absorbed. We aren’t focusing our attention and concern
where it’s most needed—on the person we’ve hurt. Self-compassion provides
the emotional safety needed to take responsibility for our actions, consider
their impact on others, and sincerely apologize for our behavior.

My Story: Still Trying After All These Years
After studying self-compassion for almost fifteen years now, guess what: I
don’t always practice what I preach. I have a tendency to be irritable when
I’m stressed—and as I alluded at the start of this book—I often take this out
on my husband, Rupert. Let’s say I’m in a bad mood and notice that Rupert
hasn’t done the dishes when it’s his turn. I might have a very negative
reaction that’s out of all proportion to the event. I’ll then tend to exaggerate
the seriousness of his offense to justify my overly negative emotions. “You
never run the dishwasher and always just leave the dirty dishes to rot” (even
though it actually doesn’t happen all that often, and sometimes I do the exact
same thing). “You’re so irresponsible” (completely ignoring the fact that he’s
under an intense work deadline that’s taking up all his attention). Before I
started my practice of self-compassion, I would use all my mental ingenuity
to convince Rupert that my reactions were his fault, not my own. If he

accused me of being unfair, I could find ten reasons why actually my
response was perfectly appropriate given his actions. It’s painful to admit that
sometimes one just gets in a foul mood and—for whatever reason—feels
compelled to take it out on other people, usually those we love.
One fruit of my self-compassion practice, however, is that I’m now much
more able to see myself clearly and admit my mistakes. If I’m irritable and
make some cutting comment, I usually apologize before even hearing the
words “That’s unfair!” come out of Rupert’s mouth. It’s funny, but I don’t
take my negative moods so personally anymore. For whatever reason—my
wiring, hormonal cycle, the weather?—sometimes I’m just plain tetchy. Not
always, not usually, just sometimes. It happens to be an Achilles heel, but in
no way does it define me.
By being self-compassionate when this mood arises, I can more easily
admit when I’m out of line and focus on how to remedy the situation. This
usually involves explaining to Rupert that I’m in a negative mood that has
nothing to do with him, which then allows him to be understanding, even
sympathetic, rather than defensive. Then I try to find ways to change my
mood. Asking for a hug is a great remedy, and one that’s only possible after
an apology. And after the apology and hug, guess what? He usually
apologizes right back—spats are often a two-way street. Although my
irritable moods still come up, I don’t take them out on Rupert nearly as often
as I used to.
So when you make mistakes or fall short of your expectations, you can
throw away that rawhide whip and instead throw a cozy blanket of
compassion around your shoulders. You will be more motivated to learn,
grow, and make the much-needed changes in your life, while also having
more clarity to see where you are now and where you’d like to go next.
You’ll have the security needed to go after what you really want as well as
the support and encouragement necessary to fulfill your dreams.

Part Four
SELF-COMPASSION IN RELATION TO OTHERS

Chapter Nine

COMPASSION FOR OTHERS
If one is cruel to himself, how can we expect him to be
compassionate with others?
—HASDAI IBN SHAPRUT (10TH C. JEWISH SCHOLAR)

THE WOMAN WAS IN HER MID-FORTIES, WITH BLOND HAIR, GRAY eyes, and a kind
face. We were at a dinner party, taking turns at the carrots and hummus dip,
when she asked me what I did for a living. “I study self-compassion,” I said.
She cocked her head slightly to one side. “Self-compassion? But I thought
compassion, by definition, was something you had for other people. How can
you have compassion for yourself?” I explained that compassion was simply
a way of relating to suffering, either your own or someone else’s. I could see
her digesting the idea. “Hmm. I guess that makes sense. So,” she asked,
“does having more self-compassion mean that you also have more
compassion for other people?” “Well,” I ventured, “yes and no . . .”
People ask me this question all the time. The answer is actually a bit
complicated. In the first study I ever conducted on self-compassion, I asked
people the following question: “Do you tend to be kinder to yourself or to
others?” I found that people who were low in self-compassion tended to say
that they were kinder to others than themselves, whereas those high in selfcompassion said they were equally kind to others and themselves. In other
words, everyone said they were kind to others, but only self-compassionate
people were also kind to themselves.
In other research, my colleagues and I have found that self-compassionate
people score no higher on general measures of compassionate love, empathy,

or altruism—which all tap into concern for others’ well-being—than those
who lack self-compassion. This is because individuals who lack selfcompassion, who constantly judge themselves, are still often very caring
toward other people.
Take the woman I met at that party, for instance. An experienced geriatric
nurse, Sharon was a model of compassion. She often made home visits to her
elderly patients, bringing little treats like cookies or flowers from her garden
to make them feel special and cared for. She was constantly cracking jokes to
keep their spirits up: “You know you’re old when getting lucky means
finding your car in the parking lot.” When she had to help her patients with
an embarrassing task, such as changing an adult diaper, she bent over
backward to make sure they didn’t feel embarrassed or ashamed. “Happens to
everyone at some point, nothing to fret about.”
Though Sharon found it easy to be kind and understanding toward the
elderly in her care, she was extremely hard on herself. If she was late for an
appointment, or forgot to do something on her daily checklist, she would
eviscerate herself with self-criticism. “What a moron! These people depend
on you! When are you going to grow up?” I asked Sharon if she would ever
talk to the patients she cared for in the same way she talked to herself. “Of
course not!” Why, then, did she treat herself so? “I don’t know,” she said
with a puzzled look on her face. “I guess I feel like I should?”
People like Sharon are everywhere, especially in the West, where
religious and cultural traditions tend to extol self-sacrifice. Particularly for
women. Our research shows that women tend to have slightly lower levels of
self-compassion than men do, largely because they tend to judge and criticize
themselves more often. At the same time, there is ample research evidence
showing that women tend to be more caring, empathetic, and giving toward
others than men. Women are socialized to be caregivers, to selflessly open
their hearts to their husbands, children, friends, and elderly parents, but they
aren’t taught to care for themselves. As forever seared into the public
imagination by the 1970s film The Stepford Wives, the ideal woman is
supposed to fulfill her role as cook, maid, lover, and nanny without
complaint. She is not supposed to have needs and concerns of her own.
Although the feminist revolution has helped expand the roles available to
women, and we now see more female leaders in business and politics than
ever before, the idea that women should be selfless caregivers hasn’t really

gone away. It’s just that women are now supposed to be successful at their
careers in addition to being the loving wife and ultimate nurturer at home.
Dana Crowley Jack’s book Silencing the Self opens with a quote that captures
the experience of many:
Even though I can objectively say, okay, I am above average in
looks, I have been very successful with my art, I have been very
successful at singing, I’m gregarious, I make friends easily. I can
say all that, and still there is this, ‘You are no good, what’s the
use.’ I always feel the failure of my marriage was my fault, because
I wanted a career, and didn’t know how to manage being a
professional with being a wife.
Rather than being compassionate toward herself, realizing that she is only
human and can only do so much, women such as this one tend to judge
themselves relentlessly in the belief that they should be doing more. As a
result, many women have a deep-seated feeling that they’re not entitled to be
the recipients of self-care. To understand why compassion for oneself and
others do not necessarily go together, therefore, we need only to look to the
self-sacrificing women who have cared for us all our lives.

Putting Things into Perspective
Having said all this, there’s also evidence that having compassion for
yourself is related to having compassion for others in certain contexts. For
instance, a recent study found that self-compassionate individuals have
different goals in their friendships than those who lack self-compassion. They
are more likely to focus on helping and encouraging their friends, as well as
being compassionate toward their friends’ mistakes and weaknesses. They
are also more willing to admit their own mistakes and weaknesses to their
friends. In sum, the study found that self-compassionate people are better
able to create close, authentic, and mutually supportive friendships than those
who are self-critical. (As the next chapter will discuss, research also shows
that self-compassionate people tend to be more supportive, accepting, and
caring with romantic partners.) Because we are so emotionally vulnerable in

close relationships, because our inner selves are laid so bare, we often feel
insecure about whether others are judging us. When we stop judging and
evaluating ourselves, however, we don’t need to worry so much about others’
approval and can instead focus on meeting the emotional needs of others.
Although compassion involves feelings of care and concern for others, it
also involves taking the perspective of those who are suffering—walking a
mile in their shoes, so to speak. (Though perhaps not in the way meant by
Scottish comedian Billy Connolly, who once said: “Before you judge a man,
walk a mile in his shoes. After that who cares? . . . He’s a mile away and
you’ve got his shoes!”) Rather than making quick and easy judgments of
those who make mistakes, compassion considers what it must feel like to be
the person making the mistake. It looks at things from the inside rather than
the outside. To feel compassion for the public figure who has just made a
blooper (like Dan Quayle when he exclaimed “Republicans understand the
importance of bondage between a mother and child”), you must take on his
perspective. Rather than merely seeing things from your own point of view
(how amusing) you also see things from his point of view (how
embarrassing).
We also have to engage in perspective taking when we give ourselves
compassion. Rather than merely focusing on our own point of view in painful
situations—I feel humiliated, afraid, inadequate, and so on—we take the
perspective of an “other” toward ourselves. We respond with kindness and
concern to our own human limitations, just as a kind friend or loving parent
would. By seeing our flawed self from an outsider’s perspective, selfcompassion allows us to stop judging ourselves so harshly. Our research
shows that people with higher levels of self-compassion are also more likely
to engage in perspective taking when contemplating the failures and
weaknesses of other people. They are more likely to say things like: “Before
criticizing somebody, I try to imagine how I would feel if I were in their
place.” By its very nature, compassion is relational, stepping back and forth
between various perspectives to see the mutuality of the human condition.
Though important for social harmony, taking the perspective of others
does have one downside. It can be overwhelming, especially when others are
really hurting. When we see images of hurricane survivors on TV, for
instance, we may fear that by letting just a drop of their pain into our hearts
we will ourselves be deluged. So to protect ourselves we shut down, or

switch the channel. Instead of tuning out, however, we have another option.
Our research shows that self-compassion allows us to feel others’ pain
without becoming overwhelmed by it. In other words, when we recognize
how difficult it is sometimes to be there for people who are struggling, and
comfort ourselves in the process, we are able to be stronger, more stable, and
resilient when supporting others in their suffering. This is an especially
important skill for those who deal with others’ problems for a living.

Compassion Fatigue
Focusing a lot of our energy on helping others can lead to “compassion
fatigue,” a syndrome that frequently occurs with therapists, nurses, and other
caregivers. Compassion fatigue is a type of exhaustion and burnout
experienced as a result of continually dealing with traumatized patients.
When listening to tales of abuse or horror, or when tending to bodies that
have been ravaged by sickness or violence, caregivers often relive their
patients’ trauma. For this reason, compassion fatigue is also known by the
name “secondary traumatic stress.” The symptoms of secondary traumatic
stress can resemble those of posttraumatic stress disorder, such as
nightmares, emotional numbing, and an exaggerated startle response.
Secondary stress may also lead to decreased feelings of safety, increased
cynicism, and disconnection from loved ones.
Caregivers who are the most empathic and sensitive tend to be the most at
risk, given that they feel the pain of their patients most deeply. It’s been
estimated that about one-quarter of professionals who work with traumatized
patients experience some kind of compassion fatigue. Among those working
with survivors of extreme situations such as the Oklahoma City bombing, the
figure is almost three times that. Although we do not know how many skilled
caregivers quit as a result, the numbers are surely high.
Research suggests that caregivers who have been trained in selfcompassion are less likely to experience compassion fatigue—because they
have the skills needed to avoid getting overly stressed or burned out when
interacting with their patients. It also suggests that self-compassion leads to
more “compassion satisfaction”—feeling energized, happy, and grateful that
one is able to make a difference in the world. When you’re not so

overwhelmed by your caregiving duties, you can focus more easily on the
fruits of your efforts.
When caregivers have self-compassion, they are also more likely to
engage in concrete acts of self-care such as taking time off, sleeping more,
and eating well. They’ll stop to care for their own emotional needs,
recognizing how difficult it is to deal with such a high level of suffering on a
daily basis. The hardships of being a caregiver are just as valid and worthy of
compassion as the hardships of being a trauma victim. Certainly there are
differences in how debilitating and intense the pain is, but all pain deserves to
be held in the warm embrace of compassion, so that healing can occur.
Self-compassion is a way of emotionally recharging our batteries. Rather
than becoming drained by helping others, self-compassion allows us to fill up
our internal reserves, so that we have more to give to those who need us. It’s
like those little videos they always show on planes before takeoff, which tell
adults to put on their own oxygen mask before helping children to put on
theirs. We need to have a steady supply of compassion available to ourselves
in order to have adequate resources to share with others. If we’re knocked flat
on our backs because our own resources are depleted, what use are we to
those who rely on us? In many ways, then, self-compassion is an altruistic
act, because it puts us into the optimal mental and emotional mind-set to help
others in a sustainable, long-lasting way.

Exercise One
Taking Care of the Caregiver
If you work in a caregiving profession (and that includes being a
family member), you’ll need to recharge your batteries so you have
enough energy available to give to others. Give yourself permission
to meet your own needs, recognizing that this will not only enhance
your quality of life, it will also enhance your ability to be there for
those who rely on you. Here are some ideas:
•
•

Get a massage, a pedicure, or other form of pampering.
Take a nap in the middle of the day.

•
•

•
•
•

•

•
•

Go to a comedy club; laughter provides a great release of
tension.
Listen to a soothing song. (I like the Beatles’ “Let It Be.” Paul
McCartney allegedly wrote the song when he was going through
a particularly hard time and dreamed about his deceased mother,
Mary, who tried to comfort him with the words “let it be.”)
Stretch or do yoga for a half hour.
Take a walk in nature.
Lie on the floor, stomach-side down, while someone gently
rocks your lower back from side to side. It’s incredibly relaxing
without requiring too much effort from your partner.
Go dancing. If you don’t want to go to a club or take formal
dance lessons, do an Internet search on “five rhythms,” “freeform,” or “expressive” dance in your area.
Do the compassionate body scan (see page 133).
If you decide to have that oh-so-compassionate glass of red
wine to help you relax at the end of the day, drink a large glass
of water as well so you don’t become dehydrated. Or, if you
want to cut down on alcohol, have some dark red juice
(cranberry, pomegranate, or cherry) mixed with sparkling water
in a wineglass. Often just the sight of dark red liquid in a
wineglass will trigger a relaxation response.

Self-Compassion and Forgiveness
Having compassion for others doesn’t just involve being responsive to their
suffering—it also involves forgiving those who have hurt us. Forgiveness
happens when we stop holding a grudge and let go of our right to resentment
for being mistreated. It means turning the other cheek—doing unto others as
we would have others do unto us, not as they did do unto us. Forgiveness
doesn’t mean we stop protecting ourselves, of course, but it does mean we let
go of tit-for-tat retaliation. This includes the emotional retaliation of anger
and bitterness, which only hurts ourselves in the long run. Self-compassion
makes it easier to forgive, partly because it gives us the ability to heal the
emotional wounds caused by others. My colleagues and I conducted one

study that directly examined the link between self-compassion and
forgiveness. The propensity to forgive was assessed by agreement with
statements such as “When someone disappoints me, I can eventually move
past it” and disagreement with statements like “I continue to punish a person
who has done something that I think is wrong.” We found that selfcompassionate people were significantly more likely to forgive others for
their transgressions than those who lacked self-compassion.
One of the main ways that self-compassion translates into forgiveness is
through the recognition of our common humanity. As discussed in chapter 4,
when we see people as separate individuals who are in complete control of
their thoughts and deeds, it’s natural to blame those who hurt us, just as we
blame ourselves when we screw up. But when we gain insight into
interconnectedness, we see that innumerable factors continually influence
who we are and what we do. We begin to see how impossible it is to
completely blame any one individual for anything—ourselves included. Each
conscious being rests at the nexus of a vast number of interwoven causes and
conditions that influence their behavior. This insight is often the key that
allows us to forgive ourselves and others, letting go of anger and resentment
and engendering compassion for all.

My Story: To Forgive Is Divine
I know that for me, forgiving myself for betraying and leaving my first
husband and forgiving my father for leaving and neglecting me were closely
interwoven. Before my first marriage fell apart, I had a tremendous amount of
judgment and anger toward my father. I would roll my eyes whenever talking
about him to close friends, making sarcastic comments about the casual way
he abandoned me and my brother. “Free love, baby, no strings attached.
That’s the hippie way.” But I had never directly let my father know how
angry I was. Our relationship hung on such a tenuous thread that I felt it
couldn’t withstand the merest tug. On our very occasional visits, I typically
put on my “sweet daughter” face to preserve what little sliver of a fatherdaughter relationship we had. I would then just criticize him behind his back
as soon as he walked out the door. It wasn’t a healthy dynamic, but it was all
I could do to cope with my complicated feelings of hurt, anger, and rejection

at the time.
And then I ended up leaving John for Peter. Not out of malice, not out of
a lack of caring, but because part of me was desperately unhappy and wanted
—needed—to break free. I ended up doing what I thought I would never do,
hurting and abandoning someone I loved. After learning about selfcompassion at my local meditation center, however, I started to gain insight
into my behavior and the pain that drove it. I started to forgive myself for
leaving John, just as I started to forgive Peter for not leaving his wife for me.
My understanding of the heart, of the complications and limitations of being
human, began to grow and mature. This had a paradoxical effect on my
relationship with my father. I started to get even more angry at him.
A few months before I was to marry Rupert, I remember talking on the
phone with my dad. Somehow I found the courage to bring up the truth of
how hurt I was that he had left me as a child. The equanimity I had started to
gain due to my meditation practice had given me courage. My father didn’t
take this newfound honesty well, however. He immediately started to get
agitated and defensive. “It’s just our karma, everything happens for a
reason.” “Screw karma!” I shouted as I hung up the phone on him, collapsing
into tears.
Rupert tried to comfort me, but to no avail. I needed to fully experience
my rage, anger, and hurt. Devastating feelings of abandonment and rejection
welled up, threatening to destroy me (or so it felt at the time). I entered a very
dark place, knowing that the time had come to fully acknowledge my feelings
of pain and grief.
At the same time, I was also processing the grief and pain I had caused
John. This came to a head after bumping into him at a party thrown by
mutual friends. His look of withering reproach stopped me dead in my tracks.
I quickly left the party, shame permeating my every pore. My first reaction
was to meekly accept John’s reaction as just deserts for my abominable
behavior, and to become even more depressed. Luckily Rupert, who had been
learning about self-compassion with me each week, was able to pull my head
above water long enough for me to take a few deep breaths. He reminded me
that one of the reasons I had married the wrong man was because of the
insecurity created by my father’s abandonment. I had just continued a cycle
of bad decisions based on an intricate web of pain. He encouraged me to have
compassion for my mistakes and to stop judging myself. I had done the best I

could at the time.
This led me to think about what had driven my father’s actions, and to be
less judgmental and more forgiving toward him as well. My father was raised
by incredibly cold and disconnected parents who were also rigid
authoritarians. He never really felt loved, but instead always felt like a
burden, a mouth to feed and not much more. His parents didn’t even bother to
attend his wedding to my mother, for instance, although they lived locally,
because they felt too uncomfortable in social situations. His parents also had
no idea how to handle conflict. After my grandmother got in a fight with her
other son over some laundry, for example, they didn’t speak again for thirty
years. In terms of my grandparents’ relationship with me, there was none.
They never once visited me as a child after my father left, even though they
lived less than an hour away. They just felt too awkward. To put it mildly,
my father’s parents were completely shut down.
But then I had to think about my grandfather’s story. He came to the
United States as an economic refugee from Greece at the turn of the twentieth
century, traveling through Ellis Island with his parents. (My last name, Neff,
is actually a shortened version of the Greek name Nefferados.) He was the
eldest of eight brothers and sisters and excelled in the American academic
system. He won prestigious prizes in both scholastics and sports, and when
he graduated from high school, he had scholarship offers from a number of
colleges. The American dream was about to come true. On the day of his
high school graduation, however, his father left to go back home to Greece,
telling my grandfather that since he was an adult now, he must take on the
responsibility of caring for his mother and seven brothers and sisters. He was
forced to abandon his dreams of college, of achieving a better life, and
instead got a job at a gas station to support his family. He worked in a gas
station his whole life, even though he eventually owned the station himself.
My grandfather never got over this disappointment, and it destroyed him
emotionally.
And so it goes. Pain and dysfunction get passed down from generation to
generation. A mixture of genetic inheritance and environmental circumstance
ensures that our lives unfold according to a complex web of conditions that is
infinitely larger than ourselves. The only way to stop the vicious cycle of
reacting to pain by causing more pain is to step out of the system. We need to
let our hearts fill with compassion, and forgive ourselves and others.

This was, in fact, what I was finally able to do with my father. After he
got over the shock of my anger, and was able to regroup, we actually started
to have an honest relationship with each other for the first time ever. A year
or two after that angry phone call, during one of our rare visits, my father
gave me a heartfelt apology. His love for me had never wavered, he assured
me, but he just wasn’t capable of giving me what I needed. When he realized
that my mother wasn’t the right woman for him, and that he had got himself
stuck in a life that was making him deeply unhappy, he couldn’t deal with it
maturely. He had never had a good example of how to talk through a
problem, let alone how to make compromises that balanced his own needs
with those of others. He saw himself getting trapped into a life he didn’t
want, just as his father had gotten trapped into a life he didn’t want, and he
bolted. He didn’t present this as an excuse for his behavior, just as an
explanation. I could clearly see how grieved he was about the deep pain he
had caused me. Luckily by that point I had already done a lot of forgiving of
myself and my father (and his father and his father), as I had delved more
deeply into the practice of compassion. What was important was that the
chain had been broken, and that we were now ready to start relating to each
other in a new way.
It’s important to remember that forgiveness doesn’t mean condoning bad
behavior, or that we need to interact with people who have hurt us.
Discriminating wisdom clearly sees when an action is harmful or
maladaptive, and when we need to protect ourselves from those with bad
intentions. However, it also understands that all people are imperfect, that we
all make mistakes. It understands that people often act out of ignorance,
immaturity, fear, or irrational impulse, and that we shouldn’t judge people for
their actions as if they had full conscious control over them. And even in
those cases where people are cognizant of the harm they are causing, the
question still needs to be asked—what happened to make them lose touch
with their hearts? What wound occurred to lead to such cold and callous
behavior? What’s their story?
Being human involves doing wrong at times. This means that to judge
one person is to judge all the world. But to forgive one person is to forgive all
the world—ourselves included.

Exercise Two
Forgiving Someone Who Has Hurt Us
Think of someone you’ve harbored anger and resentment toward
for a long while, and whom you now want to forgive. If you don’t
feel ready to forgive yet, don’t. Forgiveness comes in its own time
and shouldn’t be rushed. But when you are ready, one of the best
ways to forgive someone is to recognize the causes and conditions
leading the person to act as they did. Our thoughts, emotions, and
behaviors are the product of innumerable interconnected factors,
many of which are outside of our control. Understanding
interconnectedness can therefore help facilitate the process of
forgiveness.
1. When considering the person’s harmful actions, see if you
can identify any precipitating factors or events. Was the person
feeling fear, confusion, lust, anger, or other powerful emotions?
Was the person having a stressful life experience, like financial
insecurity or some other setback? What demons might this person
have been dealing with?
2. Now consider why the person didn’t stop themselves
anyway. Clearly, the factors necessary to enable self-control
(emotional maturity, empathy, ability to delay gratification, etc.)
weren’t present. Why not? Did the person have poor role models
growing up, so that he or she never developed these skills?
3. If it comes down to the fact that this person was just plain
mean or selfish—think about what could have created this
personality type. Insecure attachment, social isolation, life history,
genetically inherited traits?
4. Once you have a better understanding of the causes and
conditions leading this person to act as he or she did, see if it’s a bit
easier to let go of your anger and resentment. This was a limited,
fallible human being, and humans sometimes act in ways they
shouldn’t. Can you forgive this person? Doing so doesn’t
necessarily mean you should interact with this person again. It may
not be wise. But by freeing yourself from the corrosive effects of

anger and blame, you’ll help create more peace and contentment in
your own mind.

Cultivating Loving-Kindness
One of the wonderful things about self-compassion is that it allows you to
open your heart—and once it’s open, it’s open. Compassion engages our
capacity for love, wisdom, and generosity. It’s a beautiful mental and
emotional state that is boundless, directionless. By being more understanding
and accepting toward ourselves, we can also be more understanding and
accepting toward others. By honoring the limitations of our own human
imperfection, we can be more forgiving of others’ mistakes. By soothing and
comforting ourselves when feelings of insecurity arise, we provide ourselves
with the sense of safety needed to explore the emotionally complex world
inhabited by other people.
One of the traditional Buddhist practices designed to develop goodwill
toward ourselves and others is called “loving-kindness meditation.” In this
practice, phrases that invoke benevolent feelings are repeated silently and are
aimed at various targets. Traditionally, the phrases are first directed toward
oneself, and the goal is to personally experience the loving-kindness being
generated. Different versions of the phrases are used, but one set is as
follows: May I be safe, May I be peaceful, May I be healthy, May I live with
ease. The phrases are then directed to a mentor/benefactor, to a dear friend, to
a neutral person, to a mildly difficult person, and finally to all conscious
beings: May you be safe, May you be peaceful, May you be healthy, May you
live with ease.
When loving-kindness practice was first brought to the West, teachers
often found that people had a hard time generating feelings of lovingkindness for themselves given our culture’s emphasis on self-criticism. For
this reason, many now switch the order of targets so that one first directs the
loving-kindness phrases toward a mentor or benefactor. The idea is to choose
someone with whom we have an unconditionally positive relationship, so that
feelings of loving-kindness are easy to access. (This someone might even be
a beloved pet.) Only then are the phrases directed toward oneself, after the
loving-kindness juices have started flowing.

Note that traditional loving-kindness phrases are designed to cultivate
feelings of goodwill, not necessarily compassion. Feelings of goodwill are
relevant in all situations, happy or otherwise, whereas compassion only arises
in response to suffering. To target the feeling of compassion more directly,
Chris Germer and I give people a variant of the traditional loving-kindness
phrases in our Mindful Self-Compassion workshops. They’re designed to
help people generate greater self-compassion when they are experiencing
feelings of personal inadequacy: May I be safe, May I be peaceful, May I be
kind to myself, May I accept myself as I am. Or if the suffering stems from
external circumstances, the last phrase can be changed to May I accept my life
as it is. We find that the self-compassion variant of the traditional lovingkindness phrases tends to be more powerful when people are struggling and
in need of compassionate care.
There is no one “right” way to do loving-kindness practice. Many people
change the wording of the phrases to feel more natural. For instance, some
people don’t like saying “May I” at the beginning of each phrase. It feels too
much like prayer, or like asking permission from an authority figure (“May I
go to the bathroom please, Mrs. Smith?”). Alternatives are “I’d like,” “I
hope,” or “I want.” Sometimes, people want the phrases to sound more
realistic by adding “as possible” to the end. For example, May I be as safe as
possible.
Finally, it’s important to realize that loving-kindness practice works on
the level of intention. We nourish the desire for health and happiness—for
ourselves and others—as a way to open our hearts. This is not an exercise in
wishful thinking, nor are we ignoring the reality that suffering exists. Rather,
the idea is that by cultivating the intention for ourselves and others to
experience well-being, corresponding feelings of love, concern, and
compassion will eventually arise. This in turn translates into more concrete
acts of kindness and care.

Exercise Three
Directing Loving-Kindness Toward Our Suffering
(Also available as a guided meditation in MP3 format at www.self-

compassion.org)
If you’re grappling with self-judgment, or if you find yourself in
the midst of difficult or stressful times, see if you can take fifteen to
twenty minutes out of your day to cultivate feelings of lovingkindness and compassion for yourself. To start the practice, sit in a
quiet, comfortable place where you won’t be disturbed, or else take
a solitary walk in a quiet spot. Take a few deep breaths to settle into
your body and the present moment. You are right here, right now.
•

First, gently get in touch with the source of your suffering. Are
you feeling scared, lonely, angry, worthless, frustrated? See if
you can just be with the emotions as they are, without doing too
much thinking about the story line driving the emotions (what
you did, what he didn’t do, etc.). Whatever you are feeling is
okay. All visitors are welcome. No need to cling to anything or
to push it away.
• Now see if you can sense the emotions in your body. Let’s say
you feel sad. What does sadness feel like? Is there dullness, a
pulling sensation at the corner of your eyes, tenseness between
your eyebrows, and so on? By locating your emotions in your
body, it’s easier to feel them without getting lost in thought, and
instead be with your present moment experience as it is.
• Now place your hand on your heart, and set your intention to
offer yourself kindness, understanding, and compassion for the
suffering you’re experiencing right now. Remember that what
you’re feeling is an integral part of the human experience. You
are not alone in your suffering.
• Now repeat the following phrases to yourself, softly and gently:
May I be safe.
May I be peaceful.
May I be kind to myself.
May I accept myself as I am.

Or if it feels more appropriate, change the last phrase to:
May I accept my life as it is.
•

•

•

•

•

Keep repeating the phrases, refreshing their emotional content
by either getting in touch with the painful emotions in your
body, or else feeling the gentle and comforting pressure of your
hand on your heart.
When you notice that your mind has wandered, return to the
phrases, or to the experience of your emotions in your body, or
to the feeling of your hand on your heart. And start again.
If you are ever overwhelmed with emotion, you can always
return to your breathing as a way of soothing and calming
yourself. Then, when you’re comfortable, return to the phrases.
Finally, take a few breaths and just be still for a few moments. If
the feeling of compassion is arising for you, allow yourself to
savor this sweet feeling. If few or no feelings of compassion are
arising, this is the equally beautiful truth of the present moment.
Allow yourself to savor your goodwill and intention to care for
yourself. This is what matters most.
When you’re ready, slowly resume your normal activities,
knowing that you can return to the phrases anytime you wish.

A recent study by Richie Davidson and colleagues confirms the power of
loving-kindness. Researchers trained a group of people to do loving-kindness
meditation for thirty minutes a day for two weeks. As a point of comparison,
they trained another group of people to think more constructively about
difficult situations in their lives. In other words, they taught one group to
change their hearts, the other to change their heads. Only the loving-kindness
group showed significant increases in self-compassion. They also did brain
scans of study participants while showing them images of suffering, such as a
child with an eye tumor. Those trained in loving-kindness meditation felt
significantly more empathy (as evidenced by increased activity in the insula)
than those trained merely to change their thinking patterns. Moreover, the
larger the increases in self-compassion, the higher the level of insula
activation, supporting the idea that self-compassion increases one’s capacity

for perspective taking. At the end of the experiment, researchers asked
participants if they wanted to donate some of their $165 honorarium to a
charitable cause or keep the money for themselves. Those in the lovingkindness group donated more money. Even a brief training period in lovingkindness meditation, therefore, can lead to increases in compassion for self
and others, as well as demonstrable acts of care and generosity.
The wonderful thing about loving-kindness practice is that it does not
necessarily have to be done on the meditation cushion. We can generate
feelings of kindness and compassion toward ourselves and others while
driving to work, shopping at the grocery store, or waiting in the dentist’s
office. What’s happening is that we are training our brains to react to
suffering in a caring manner. By focusing on our deepest desire—for all
beings to be happy, peaceful, and healthy—we can actually improve our lives
and those of others. The Bible teaches that what you sow, so shall you reap.
By planting seeds of loving-kindness into our hearts and minds, we can
transform our own mental and emotional landscape into something beautiful
beyond measure.
There is a famous story of a Tibetan monk held in jail for years by
Chinese prison guards, who later made it to India and had an audience with
the Dalai Lama. When asked about his time in the prison, the monk said he
faced danger a few times. “What danger?” the Dalai Lama asked. “Of losing
compassion toward the Chinese,” the monk replied. From a Buddhist
perspective, having compassion toward those who have hurt us allows us to
have peace of mind even in the most hostile surroundings, which in turn
prevents that hurt from destroying us. Compassion toward others is really a
gift for ourselves, because it nourishes us with benevolent feelings and allows
us to feel more secure by recognizing our inherent interconnectedness. With
the equanimity of an open heart, the slings and arrows of our difficult and
frustrating lives find less purchase, and suffering becomes a doorway into
love.

Chapter Ten

SELF-COMPASSIONATE PARENTING
For only as we ourselves, as adults, actually move and have our
being in the state of love, can we be appropriate models and guides
for our children. What we are teaches the child far more than what
we say, so we must be what we want our children to become.
—JOSEPH CHILTON PEARCE, INTRODUCTION TO Teaching Children to Love BY
DOC LEW CHILDRE

SELF-COMPASSION IS ESSENTIAL FOR GOOD PARENTING. BY TEACHING our
children to have self-compassion, we can help them deal with the inevitable
pain and imperfection of life. By being compassionate to ourselves, we can
better handle the frustrations and difficulties of parenting, so that the world’s
toughest profession—and let’s face it, parenting is a profession, just an
unpaid one—isn’t quite so tough.

Compassion for Our Imperfect Parenting
Carol was running late. The babysitter was arriving soon to watch her two
kids while she went out to a concert with some friends. She put some
spaghetti in the pot to boil while she styled her hair and put on makeup.
When she returned to the kitchen, she realized the timer had been going off
for almost ten minutes. “Mom, I’m starving!” her young son complained.
“When will dinner be ready?” The overcooked spaghetti, once drained, was
the consistency of mushy mashed potatoes. She poured on extra sauce hoping
her kids wouldn’t notice, but that was like hoping they wouldn’t notice if she

served oatmeal rather than Cap’n Crunch for breakfast. “Disgusting!” her
eldest complained, frowning and turning up her nose. “You expect us to eat
this? Why can’t you make nice food like Jan does?” This was an especially
spiteful comment. Jan was her ex-husband’s new wife, who—among her
many other talents—was a gourmet chef.
Carol’s first instinct was to accept the blow. To feel horrible for never
getting anything right, for being an inadequate mother, for losing her husband
to a superior woman. But luckily she caught herself in time. Carol had been
trying to be kinder to herself lately and realized that this was a perfect
opportunity to be more self-compassionate. She reminded herself that
motherhood involved juggling multiple balls in the air, and it was inevitable
that one would occasionally drop. And overcooking spaghetti was not exactly
a sign of a fatally flawed character. “I’m sorry I ruined dinner, but it’s not the
end of the world. How about I order in some pizza?” Needless to say her kids
were in favor of this idea. She even overheard her daughter whisper to her
son, “Cool—Jan never lets us have pizza!” As writer Peter de Vries once
commented, “There are times when parenthood seems nothing more than
feeding the hand that bites you.”
Of course, we don’t always handle difficult situations with our children in
an ideal way. Our lovable little darlings can drive us absolutely batty, and
there’s no parent on the planet who hasn’t lost it occasionally. We snap at our
kids when they annoy us, ignore them when they try to get our attention, or
yell at them when we’re angry. Everyone gets it wrong at one time or
another. When we have compassion for this fact, however, we can more
easily admit our imperfections as parents and apologize for our behavior.
This not only helps our children feel loved and cared for, it also lets them
know that even Mommy and Daddy are fallible human beings who
sometimes make mistakes—and that mistakes aren’t the end of the world.
Although it’s important to apologize to our children when we’re out of
line, it’s equally important not to be overly critical of ourselves either.
Especially in front of our children. “I forgot to get gas even though the car’s
almost on empty! How stupid of me! I’m so irresponsible!” This
communicates the idea that self-criticism is a valued and appropriate response
when we fall short of our ideals. But do you really want your children to
suffer at the hands of self-judgment the way you have? This is something
parents often overlook. Perhaps you’re very careful to be nurturing and

supportive toward your children when they’ve taken a misstep. But if you
tear yourself to shreds whenever you mess up, you’ll send them the wrong
message. If, however, you clearly but compassionately acknowledge your
limitations in front of your children, you’ll provide a much better example.
“How annoying! I forgot to fill up the car, and I’m almost on empty. I’ve
been pretty busy at work lately, so I guess it’s not surprising that it slipped
my mind. I probably have enough gas to get to the station regardless.”
Modeling self-compassion in front of your children is one of the most
powerful ways to help them develop this skill for themselves.

Exercise One
Having Compassion for Our Mistakes as Parents
At the end of each day, think about any mistakes you made as a
parent. Anything you wish you had (or hadn’t) done. Try to be as
honest as possible, knowing that it’s okay to be human and
imperfect. Try to be as kind and understanding toward yourself as
you would be to a good friend in a similar situation.
Then, think about whether there is anything you can do to help
repair the situation. Offer your kids an apology? Promise you’ll
make it up to them (and really do so)? By modeling the process of
making then repairing mistakes, you’ll teach your children an
invaluable lesson.
Next, try to determine if any difficult emotions underlie your
behavior, such as stress, frustration, exhaustion. If so, give yourself
compassion for your emotional pain. It’s hard to be a parent! Do
you think you need to make any changes to help ease your stress,
like taking more time for yourself?
Decide on a couple of the self-care activities suggested in the
first exercise of chapter 9 (or else make up some of your own), then
really do them! It’s easy as a parent to say “Yeah, I should take the
time to do that for myself” while never actually getting around to it.
Yes, you’re pressed for time, but you’ll actually be a more effective
and supportive parent by taking your own needs more seriously.

It’s a win-win situation all around.

Correcting Your Child While Encouraging Self-Compassion
Many parents wonder how to go about disciplining their children when they
step out of line, while at the same time helping them to be more selfcompassionate. First and foremost, it’s crucial that you don’t harshly criticize
children or make them feel ashamed for not living up to your expectations.
(Besides, it might backfire. As actor Jack Nicholson once commented, “My
mother never saw the irony in calling me a son of a bitch.”) Our research
shows that continual parental criticism can cause some serious problems:
children of critical parents are more likely to lack self-compassion and suffer
from anxiety and depression in adulthood. As discussed in chapter 2, children
often internalize a parent’s critical voice, and then carry it with them
throughout their lives. Although no parent wants his or her child to suffer,
many believe that discipline must be hard-hitting in order to work.
Although it’s true that laissez-faire parenting in which children are never
reprimanded can hinder a child’s growth and development, you can set clear
boundaries and correct problem behaviors in a kind, compassionate way. This
will let children understand why it’s important for them to change their ways
without making them feel bad about themselves because they messed up.
One key to compassionately responding to our children’s misdeeds is to
focus on their actual behavior, rather than on their general character. You
want to emphasize that we are not defined by our failures and shortcomings
but are instead all of us works in progress, in a continual state of learning. It’s
also important to validate the emotions underlying your child’s misbehavior
before trying to correct it. Let’s say your son Neil tells his younger sister
Mary to “shut up” while he’s playing his favorite video game. Instead of
snapping “You are so rude, Neil! Why can’t you be nicer to Mary?,” you can
try saying “I realize you were irritated by having your game interrupted but
you hurt Mary’s feelings when you told her to shut up.” Or let’s say your
daughter leaves a honey jar open on the kitchen counter after she takes a call
from a friend. Instead of exclaiming “You’re such a slob!,” you can say
something like “I know you were distracted by your phone call, but we can’t
have bugs crawling everywhere.” A little humor might work even better here

—“Do you really want our kitchen to look like a scene from Attack of the
Killer Ants?” If children feel understood rather than attacked, they’ll be much
more likely to listen to you.
The main thing is to convey to your children that it’s okay to make
mistakes, and that imperfection is part of life. Statements like “it’s only
human,” “it’s only natural to get frustrated,” and so on, are good ways to
provide this validation.
It’s not just what you say that matters, however. Equally important is
your tone of voice. Even as preverbal infants, we unconsciously register the
emotional meaning conveyed by parents’ tone of voice—loving, fearful,
angry, and so on. If your tone conveys negative judgment even though your
words are neutral, your child is still likely to feel inadequate and ashamed.
This may then trigger an angry or defensive reaction. Who wants to feel bad
about themselves when it’s so much easier to blame someone else? If you
make it safe for your child to take personal responsibility for his actions by
using compassionate language combined with a kind and caring tone,
however, he will find it much easier to acknowledge his problem behavior
and work on changing it.
One thing that’s also worth considering before correcting your child is
whether or not your own reactions are at all ego defensive. Are you
identifying with your child, so that you feel his or her subpar behavior
reflects poorly on you? When your daughter is fidgeting and can’t sit still in a
restaurant, is the problem really the fidgeting, or other people’s judgments
that you must be a bad parent because your child isn’t well behaved? Unless
you can admit this to yourself, and give yourself compassion for this very
human reaction, you’re likely to handle the situation poorly. When you are
compassionate toward yourself, however, you’ll be in a better position to
respond compassionately to your child.

Parenting Young Children
Raising infants and toddlers, with their constant need for supervision, picky
food habits, tantrums, not to mention dirty diapers, has to be one of the most
challenging jobs around. As humorist Erma Bombeck commented, “When
my kids become wild and unruly, I use a nice, safe playpen. When they’re

finished, I climb out.” Parents of young children need all the help they can
get. Luckily, when you give yourself compassion, help is always at hand.
Dr. Rebecca Coleman, a clinical psychologist in Australia, has developed
a program that teaches mindfulness and self-compassion skills to parents of
children under five. The program is called MAP, which stands for Mindful
Awareness Parenting. The goal of the program is to help parents improve
their ability to make wise decisions in difficult parenting situations. In other
words, how to keep sane when little Johnny has just poured a whole bottle of
dishwashing soap into the bath you’re running, and little Suzy is tugging on
your leg and whining for you to braid her hair while you’re trying to clean up
the mess.
MAP promotes parental sensitivity by teaching parents to have empathy
for their kids, increasing their ability to be aware of and nurture their
children’s relationship needs. Sometimes when children act in difficult or
tiresome ways, they are actually sending the message that they need their
parents’ emotional support. It may not be attention that children are seeking
but connection. As discussed in chapter 3, children are physiologically
designed to form close attachment bonds with their parents, using them as a
secure base from which to explore their world. When children feel frightened
or are unsure of themselves, they naturally turn to parents as their primary
source of reassurance and comfort. Once they feel safe, they can then engage
in the important process of play, discovery, and learning.
Coleman points out that one of the key ways that parents help their
children feel safe is through the process of “affective attunement,” which
involves matching or mirroring the emotion of the child. When a child is
upset, parents mirror their child’s emotions by making sad noises and
expressions, but then they alter their child’s emotions by adopting a more
soothing face and tone. For instance, a mother may rock her infant and smile
gently when he cries, softly repeating “It’s okay darling, it’s okay.”
Eventually the child is reassured and calms down. Parents tend to do this
instinctively and are not consciously aware that they’re regulating their
child’s emotions.
If a mother with a crying infant feels overwhelmed by her own emotions,
however—“why can’t the damn kid shut up, he’s driving me crazy!”—she
won’t be able to help her son calm down. Instead, she’ll just make him more
upset, as the child mirrors his parent’s agitation. When parents respond to

their own frustration with self-compassion, however, they’re able to quiet
their own turbulent emotions and are therefore in a better position to then
help their child become calm and peaceful as well.
Consider a situation that one of my graduate students, Pittman,
encountered several months ago. He and his wife, Merilee, recently had a
baby girl, and as a result their three-year-old son, Finn, started displaying
some “challenging behaviors.” One day when returning home from an errand,
Pittman found his supposedly toilet-trained son peeing on the living-room
wall. When confronted about this, Finn just turned toward his dad, flashed an
evil grin, and said, “I hate you.”
Thank God for Pittman’s self-compassion practice! Though anyone
would have understood if he had lost it, he managed to stay centered, take a
few deep breaths, and give himself compassion for how difficult and
challenging the moment was. This helped him to refocus and remember that
—outward signs to the contrary—Finn was not simply being naughty. He
was actually suffering from the very human emotion of jealousy, and at three
was ill equipped to deal with it effectively. Instead of getting angry at Finn,
therefore, he sat down and put his arm around his shoulder. First, he
acknowledged Finn’s feelings of frustration at the change in the household
routine. “I know this is hard for you right now because your baby sister is
taking up so much of our attention. But your mom and I love you more than
ever . . .” Finn’s unhappy mood started to lift almost instantly, as did
Pittman’s. He even started to see the humor of the situation, knowing he’d
have a good story to dine out on for years. The more Finn feels reassured of
his parents’ love and support as he adjusts to the new member of his family
—especially when he acts out—the more he’ll realize that his parents’ love is
unshakable (even though their walls may be a little stained).

Exercise Two
Taking a “Time-In” with Your Child
This excercise is adapted from Dr. Rebecca Coleman’s MAP
protocol (for more information, go to www.maplinc.com.au).

Young children often express “big feelings” (i.e., crying, tantrums)
when they feel misunderstood, ignored, or limited by a parent
saying no. When your child is expressing big feelings or is out of
control, you can take a “time-in” to help her get back on track.
While your child’s behavior may look like something that is being
done on purpose, it is often really an issue of needing to reconnect
and handle overwhelming emotions in a safe way. Your child may
need your help to do this.
Before beginning a time-in, make sure that you are calm
enough to be sensitive to your child’s needs and to help her feel
secure. If you need to soothe your own emotions first, try sending
yourself compassion for your difficult emotions, or practice some
mindful breathing. You may need to tell your child that you need
ten seconds of private time while you calm yourself down—just
make sure you’re back when you said you’d be.
•

•
•

•
•

•

•
•

Choose a specific time-in spot. It’s best if this is a neutral place,
for example, a chair or a cushion that can be moved so as to not
disturb other family members.
The time-in place is where you and your child can sit together
and watch feelings begin to change.
Invite your child to the time-in place. (If he is emotionally out
of control and presents a danger to others, he may need help
getting there.)
Maintain a firm, reassuring, and kind tone of voice.
Watch your child closely. Observe her behavior. Try to guess
the meaning and feelings behind her behavior. What’s really
happening?
Time-in allows your child’s feelings to “be felt” and accepted. It
shows your child that you are willing to help him and that your
love means you will be welcoming and accepting of his
emotions—even difficult ones.
Stay in charge in a sympathetic and connected way. Stay present
and sensitive. This has a calming effect on young children.
It may take a while for your child to calm down if she is

•

•
•

•

overwhelmed by her emotions.
When your child is calm enough, help her to describe her
feelings. You might say: “You look like you are struggling with
this . . .” or “This looks hard for you; are you angry/afraid/sad?”
Wait for the answer. Listen well. Acknowledge and accept the
answer (or lack of answer).
Then talk about your feelings. Use sentences like: “When you
did _______, I felt _______ (name the emotion)
__________________ arising in me.” Don’t expect an apology,
just communicate your feelings with a matter-of-fact,
nonblaming tone.
When your child is connected and calm enough, help him find
another activity to change the mood, or simply go ahead with
your plans for the day as normal (bedtime, preschool, eating a
meal, etc.).

Parenting Adolescents
Although all children benefit from having self-compassion, it’s an especially
important skill to teach in the teen years. One of the cognitive advances of
adolescence is increased perspective-taking ability, meaning teens are better
able to see themselves from the viewpoint of others. This ability means that
adolescence is often a time of intense self-evaluation and social comparison.
Adolescents ask themselves “What do other people think of me?” or “Am I as
good as everyone else?” This process occurs as teens attempt to establish
their identity and place in the social hierarchy. The intense pressures faced by
most adolescents—stress over academic performance, the need to “fit in”
with the right peer crowd, concerns with sexual attractiveness—means that
the self-evaluations of teens are often unfavorable.
To make things worse, the introspection of the teen years often leads to
what is called “the personal fable,” a cognitive fallacy leading adolescents to
believe that their experiences are unique and that others cannot possibly
understand what they are going through. Remember the first time you fell in
love? I bet you couldn’t possibly imagine that your parents had ever felt
anything remotely similar. Adolescents have a hard time understanding the

shared human experience, because they haven’t yet had enough close
relationships to realize that their own thoughts and feelings aren’t in fact
unique. They also tend to overestimate how much they know and how little
others know because, well, what they know is all they know. As Mark Twain
said, “When I was fourteen, my father was so stupid that I could hardly stand
to be around the old man. When I turned twenty-one, I was simply amazed at
what this elderly gentleman had learned in only seven short years.” Our
research shows that teens who are under the sway of the personal fable tend
to be less self-compassionate, because they don’t recognize that their
difficulties and failings are merely a normal part of what it means to be
human.
For all these reasons, teaching teens about self-compassion can be
immensely valuable. Of course, teens are sometimes resistant to the idea of
self-compassion at first given that it sounds a bit hearts and flowers-y. Not
cool when your favorite band is Napalm Ghost Slayer. However, when you
explain that self-compassion is not the same as complaining, self-pity, or selfindulgence, most teens become much more open to the concept. (After all,
the lead singer of Napalm Ghost Slayer had to learn self-compassion when he
went into rehab, right?) It can also be useful to talk about the difference
between self-esteem and self-compassion. Given teens’ daily experience with
the horrors of school lunchroom dynamics, they can readily grasp the
problem with striving to feel special and above average all the time. By
explaining that self-compassion is a way to feel good about yourself that
doesn’t require feeling superior to others, you can help teens more easily
understand why self-compassion is a healthier way to relate to themselves.

My Story: Parenting Rowan
While Rupert and I certainly suffered in the early years of Rowan’s autism,
our commitment to self-compassion made a huge difference. First, we helped
each other to be self-compassionate toward all the mistakes we made as
parents, and there were many. When I would snap in anger at Rowan after a
particularly frustrating day, for instance, and feel horribly guilty as a result,
Rupert would help me remember that I couldn’t be expected to deal with
things perfectly all the time. I could then more easily get over my frustration,

apologize and comfort Rowan if he was still upset, and start over.
Perhaps most important, Rupert and I made sure that we didn’t get so lost
in our roles as caregivers that we stopped meeting our own needs. We
realized that we both required regular time off from being a parent of a child
with autism. Unfortunately, both our parents lived out of town. and we
couldn’t find a babysitter who could handle Rowan’s tantrums and
incontinence, so we made a policy of babysitting for each other. One night a
week I was free to do whatever I wanted, go to a meditation or dance class,
have a drink with friends, or see a music show; and one night a week, Rupert
did the same. We made sure we were giving attention to our own needs,
which helped us stay refreshed and relaxed when dealing with the challenges
of parenting Rowan and supporting each other.
Now that Rowan is getting older (he’s eight at the time of writing), I’m
starting to model the process of self-compassion for him, and he’s slowly
taking it on board. One feature of autism is “echolalia,” which refers to the
tendency to directly repeat phrases that others say. I’ve treated Rowan’s
echolalia as an opportunity to shape his internal dialogue, so the words he
uses when he becomes upset are soothing, self-compassionate ones. Autistic
children have an extremely hard time dealing with frustration. If Rowan spills
a glass of water on his clothes, for instance, it can cause a level of suffering
and anxiety that’s way out of proportion to the actual incident. And once that
distress train gets rolling, it’s hard to stop.
In such situations, I try to model how to respond in an accepting,
compassionate way. “Poor darling, you spilled the water and got all wet. It’s
okay to be upset and frustrated. This is really hard for you right now, isn’t
it?” This helps him learn to accept and validate his emotions in the present
moment. Then I try to model steps to help him move on emotionally in the
next moment, rather than continuing to obsess about what went wrong. “I
know you’re feeling bad, but we’ve changed your clothes and everything is
okay now. There’s really no need for you to cry about it anymore, and I’m
worried that you’re making yourself unhappy. Do you want to be sad or do
you want to be happy?”
Sometimes when I ask this, Rowan says he wants to be sad, in which case
I hold and comfort him while he feels his sadness. “These things happen, it’s
okay to be upset.” Sometimes, however, he says, “I want to be happy.” In this
case, I try to help him find things to be happy about. “Can you tell me

something that’s good right now? Like the fact that we’re together, or that
you have two cool leopard geckos called Gary I and Gary II?”
Although he still has trouble getting beyond his distressed moods, a
compassionate approach does seem to help them pass more quickly. I also
know that he’s begun to take this way of talking to himself on board. The
other day he got upset because his DVD was stuck, for instance, and I
overheard him say, “It’s okay. Things break sometimes.”
The time I really knew that he had “gotten it,” however, was when we
went to the zoo together. I had had several frustrating experiences that
morning (traffic, trouble parking, etc.) and was in a foul mood. After a few
minutes of huffing and stamping at the African wildlife exhibit (me, not the
wildebeests), Rowan turned and said, “It’s okay, Mommy. Do you want to be
sad or happy?” And I thought I was supposed to be the wise, mature grownup! Though taken aback at first, I realized he was right! It was a beautiful
day, and here I was being comforted and helped by my beloved son. The
message of self-compassion had come full circle.

Chapter Eleven

LOVE AND SEX
Love is fed by the imagination, by which we become wiser than we
know, better than we feel, nobler than we are: by which we can see
Life as a whole: by which, and by which alone, we can understand
others in their real as in their ideal relations.
—OSCAR WILDE, De Profundis

SELF-COMPASSION NOT ONLY HELPS US BE BETTER PARENTS AND caregivers, it
also enhances our love and sex lives. When we let go of egoistic striving—
ending our obsession with evaluating ourselves positively—our love and
desire for others only intensifies. By embracing life as it is, allowing the life
force to flow through us freely, our passion can reach new, more wonderful
heights.

Love and Romance
One of the challenges of finding a romantic relationship that meets our
deepest needs is just that—our reliance on a relationship to meet our deepest
needs. The reason it’s so blissful to fall in love is partly because it allows us
to feel truly valued, accepted, and understood by another. Our partner loves
us warts and all, which means that maybe our warts aren’t so bad. And of
course there is much truth to this. It’s a wonderful gift to see one’s own
beauty reflected in the eyes of another. But if we exclusively rely on our
partner’s good opinion of us to feel okay about ourselves, some time or
another we’re going to get a rude awakening. Eventually the stardust starts to

thin in even the best of romances, and not only are our partners going to see
things about us they don’t like—they’re going to let us know it. On our
wedding day, Rupert’s father told us “Don’t worry, the first forty years of
marriage are tricky, but after that it’s plain sailing.” Okay, he was
exaggerating for comedic effect, but there’s no denying that relationships are
difficult.
We can’t always rely on our partners to make us feel good about
ourselves because at the end of the day, for acceptance to truly penetrate our
hearts, it has to come from within. Although feeling loved and accepted by
our partner certainly helps, it’s too easy to dismiss the approval of others as
misplaced “niceness.” Yes, my partner loves me, you might say to yourself,
but he doesn’t see the real me. He doesn’t hear the nasty, petty thoughts that
constantly go on inside my head. If he saw the real me, he wouldn’t think I
was so great anymore.
I had a colleague named Diane who suffered greatly from this pattern.
Her live-in boyfriend, Eric, thought the world of her, and in many ways
Eric’s love and support was what kept her going. But Diane thought Eric’s
good opinion of her was mainly because he didn’t really know her. She
constantly judged and criticized herself and assumed that if she revealed her
true self to Eric, he would judge her too. The thing Diane disliked about
herself the most was that she had a strong tendency to be controlling and just
couldn’t seem to loosen up.
Diane adored Eric, and she tried to appear as relaxed as possible around
him because she didn’t want him to realize she was actually an “analretentive tyrant,” as she put it. Eric was a laid-back guy, which is one of the
things Diane loved about him. The irony, of course, was that Eric’s relaxed
nature was constantly pushing Diane’s desire-for-control buttons. He was
always forgetting to do small things like stopping by the grocery store to pick
up the quart of milk she asked for, or closing the toilet seat lid after going to
the bathroom, or mowing the lawn before it started to resemble a tropical
jungle. Eric was a dreamer whose behavior tended toward the scattered and
distracted, and this drove her absolutely crazy.
After about two years of living together, Diane and Eric were arguing
more and more often. Instead of just being annoyed at Eric’s forgetfulness,
she was becoming increasingly angry and mean toward him. She started to
call him names like irresponsible, lazy, and immature. If Eric hadn’t been so

in love, he probably would have gotten fed up with the constant criticism and
left. Instead, he wanted to understand what was going on.
After many long conversations, it soon became clear that Diane’s desire
to control really stemmed from fear. Shortly after she got her driver’s license
at age sixteen, Diane was driving some friends to the beach, overcorrected on
a curve, and flipped the car three times. One of her best friends almost died.
She was so freaked out that she wanted to make sure nothing bad would ever
happen again. By attempting to control everything in her life, Diane felt safer,
as if she could counter the unpredictability of existence. Instead of having
compassion for her controlling tendencies, however, her first instinct was
either to criticize herself for being so rigid, or else criticize Eric for being so
careless—often both.
Once Eric understood what was causing her behavior, he was able to help
her deal with her emotions more productively. Eric had dabbled in Buddhism
and other Eastern traditions and understood the value of self-compassion. He
realized that this was what Diane needed most. Whenever he saw Diane
getting stressed or angry, therefore, even when she was attacking him with a
barrage of criticism, he would remind her to get in touch with the feelings
underlying her reaction. “Are you upset because you feel afraid and out of
control? Why don’t you take a moment to give yourself some compassion,
then we can talk about what happened.”
While this did feel odd at first, Diane started to practice being selfcompassionate more and more, using her angry feelings as a reminder that
she needed to be kind, gentle, and understanding with herself. Whenever she
felt the desire to control rise up, she would comfort herself with caring,
soothing words. “I know you feel this way because you were so frightened
when your best friend almost died. This situation is triggering your fear,
which is understandable. This is really hard for you right now.” As soon as
she changed her attitude toward herself, she found that her feelings of
agitation would start to quiet. She would become more trusting and relaxed.
After a few months of this new pattern, Diane and Eric were arguing
much less often. Diane finally allowed herself to realize that Eric did love the
real her, and that she was worthy of his love. Eric, for his part, started to be a
little more responsible—he didn’t want to cause Diane any unnecessary pain.
While they’re still a work in progress, their relationship is better than it’s ever
been. They’ve even broached the subject of getting married at some point

(though if they do, they’ll definitely leave the wedding arrangements up to
Diane!).

Exercise One
Identifying Your Relationship Patterns
Think about your current or most recent romantic relationship.
What are your strongest emotional buttons? Do you get hurt easily,
immediately jumping to the conclusion your partner doesn’t care?
Do you get anxious, assuming your partner will leave? Almost all
people have core issues that cause them to overreact in
relationships. It’s as if a whole boatload of extra “stuff” gets added
on to what our partner says or does, causing things to quickly spiral
out of control. Our patterns are scars, vestiges from previous
relationships gone wrong. Although a loving, supportive partner
can help us heal these patterns, the most direct source of healing
comes from within.
The next time a button gets pushed in your relationship, try to
get clarity about what is actually happening. Rather than
immediately blaming your partner for how you feel, try to assess
the extent to which it’s just your old pattern reasserting itself, and
take the opportunity to give yourself compassion. If you feel hurt,
for example, try to become mindful of this feeling, fully accepting
your overreaction. Actively focus on soothing and calming your
pain with self-kindness, recognizing that all humans have
emotional wounds of one sort or another. (Your self-compassion
mantra might come in handy here.)
Rather than relying on your partner to give you exactly what
you need, try meeting your own needs first. Identify what you’re
craving (validation, care, support, etc.) and see if self-compassion
can help give it to you. This will help take the pressure off your
partner to be a mind reader and react in the exact manner you want.
As you learn to rely more on self-compassion to deal with your
patterns when they arise, you’ll eventually find that they have less

hold over you. Wounds do heal, as long as they are given the care
and attention they need.

Relationship Dynamics
Research psychologist John Gottman is one of the world’s leading experts on
understanding what makes a romantic relationship work. He claims he can
tell whether or not a couple is going to split up with 91 percent accuracy
based on a brief observation of how they interact in conflict situations. They
key is not whether a couple has conflicts (show me the couple who doesn’t),
but how they have conflicts. There are four main problem behaviors in
conflicts that typically indicate a doomed relationship—what Gottman calls
the “four horsemen of the apocalypse.” They are, in order of importance:
criticism, contempt, defensiveness, and stonewalling. If people harshly
criticize their partners while fighting, show disgust or contempt (eye rolling,
sarcasm, etc.), are overly defensive and blame problems on their partners, or
engage in stonewalling (ignoring partners and shutting down
communication), the prognosis is bleak. Luckily, Gottman has also identified
factors that predict happy, stable relationships. If a couple shows any sort of
positive emotion during a conflict—a kind look, a small gesture of affection,
an apology, laughter—these relationships are likely to last.
Self-compassion tends to inspire positive rather than destructive emotions
during relationship conflicts. When we’re upset over a relationship issue,
self-compassion allows us to soothe and calm the intensity of our feelings,
meaning that we’re better able to rein in the four horsemen. We’re less likely
to be harshly critical, show contempt, or be ego defensive during an argument
if we experience the emotional safety needed to acknowledge our own role in
the dispute. Self-compassion also provides the equanimity needed for talking
through difficult relationship issues, meaning that it can reduce stonewalling.
Self-compassion tends to soften our hearts, making it easier to get in touch
with the affection we feel for our partners, and facilitating the expression of
positive emotions during conflicts. And because self-compassion lets us take
our egos less seriously, we can sometimes even find humor in our
overreactions.
I remember once when I was having a fight with Rupert, the line “give

me a break!” came out of my mouth in the exact same sarcastic voice of my
mother, who often spouts this line when she’s angry. We both looked at each
other and burst out laughing, silently acknowledging that we come by our bad
habits honestly. Needless to say, the conflict was much easier to resolve
afterward.
There’s another way that self-compassion can help in conflict situations.
Often fights between partners stem from each person wanting their own point
of view to be validated at the same time. If I talk about the way I see a
relationship problem, and Rupert doesn’t acknowledge how I feel but merely
states his differing view, I won’t feel heard. Let’s say I’m upset because
Rupert has spent three weekends in a row riding horses with friends (horses
are his passion), and I ask him not to ride next weekend because I want to
spend more time with him. Instead of acknowledging the fact that I’m upset,
he tells me how he sees things. “But you know how much I love riding and
you’re not being very generous, especially since the weather is so good for
riding right now.” Because I don’t feel that Rupert has taken my feelings
seriously, my reaction will start becoming more extreme as if to say, “See?
I’m justified in feeling this way!” For instance, I might say, “But we never
spend time together as a family anymore!” (Even though we actually just
spent a weeklong family vacation together last month.) This just causes him
to ramp things up from his end. “You always exaggerate. And you never
consider what I want or need!” The tone of anger and blame in both our
voices will then make it even less likely for us to come to a point of mutual
understanding.
The wise advice of relationship counselors is for each partner to validate
the emotions of the other partner before presenting his or her own point of
view. “I know that you love riding and want to do it as much as possible
before the hot and humid weather begins, but I get lonely when you’re away
and would like to spend more of next weekend with you.” Or “I can
understand that you feel left out when I spend the weekend riding with my
friends, but this is really important to me and I won’t be gone nearly as often
once the heat sets in.” Sometimes, however, in the thick of things, it’s hard
for people to break out of their own reactions to really listen to their partners
and validate their emotions. If I wait for my partner to give me what I need
while he’s waiting for me to give him what he needs, we might both be
waiting a long time. This is where self-compassion can come in handy.

If you can compassionately validate your own feelings, gently reminding
yourself that it’s only natural for you to feel the way you do, you won’t have
to speak louder and louder in order to feel heard. You can tell yourself what
you really want to hear in the moment, “I’m so sorry you’re feeling hurt and
frustrated right now, what can I do to help?” Then, once you begin to feel
accepted and cared for, you’ll be in a better place to listen to what your
partner is saying and see things from his or her point of view. Less fuel will
be added to the fire, and the conflict will hopefully start to cool down.

The Relationship Benefits of Self-Compassion
Research demonstrates that self-compassion really does improve the quality
of romantic relationships. We recently conducted a study with more than a
hundred couples, measuring each partner’s self-compassion level and asking
them to tell us how happy and satisfied they were in their relationship. We
also asked each participant to describe their partner’s relationship behavior.
Were they caring and sensitive or controlling and demanding? Did they get
angry at the drop of a hat or could they talk things out? This enabled us to see
if highly self-compassionate people would report having better romantic
relationships, and if they would be described as being more loving,
supportive, and considerate by their partners.
We also assessed participants’ self-esteem levels, but we didn’t think that
people with high self-esteem would necessarily have better relationships than
those who lacked self-esteem. People often become angry, jealous, and
defensive when their self-esteem is threatened by partners, a pattern that’s at
the root of many relationship problems. When self-esteem comes in the form
of narcissism, moreover, it often leads to selfishness and game playing in
romantic relationships—not exactly keys to lasting happiness.
The results of our study indicated that self-compassionate people did in
fact have happier and more satisfying romantic relationships than those who
lacked self-compassion. This is largely because self-compassionate
participants were described by their partners as being more accepting and
nonjudgmental than those who lacked self-compassion. Rather than trying to
change their partners, self-compassionate people tended to respect their
partners’ opinions and consider their point of view. They were also described

as being more caring, connected, affectionate, intimate, and willing to talk
over relationship problems than those who lacked self-compassion. At the
same time, self-compassionate men and women were described as giving
their partners more freedom and autonomy in their relationships. They tended
to encourage partners to make their own decisions and to follow their own
interests. In contrast, people who lacked self-compassion were described as
being less affectionate and more critical toward their partners. They were
more controlling, trying to order their partners around and dominate them.
They were also described as being more self-centered, inflexibly wanting
everything their own way.
High self-esteem, it should be noted, did not appear to do a whole hell of
a lot for couples. Self-esteem was not associated with happier, healthier
relationships, and people with high self-esteem weren’t described by their
partners as being any more accepting, caring, or supportive in their
relationships than those who lacked self-esteem. In other words, the results of
our study suggest that self-compassion plays an important role in fostering
good relationships, but that having high self-esteem doesn’t necessarily help.
Self-compassion fosters feelings of mutuality in relationships so that the
needs of self and other are balanced and integrated. Self-esteem, on the other
hand, is more ego-focused, magnifying a sense of separation and competition
between the needs of each partner.
To have the type of close, connected relationships you really want with
others, you first need to feel close and connected to yourself. By being caring
and supportive when you confront the limitations of living a human life,
you’ll have the emotional resources needed to act in a caring and supportive
way with your significant other. By meeting your own needs for love and
acceptance, you’ll be less needy and clingy. And by accepting the fact neither
you nor your relationship is going to be perfect, you’ll be able to enjoy your
relationship more for what it is rather than comparing it to some notion of
how a romance is supposed to be—a Cinderella meets Prince Charming fairy
tale that doesn’t exist in real life (and which would be too one-dimensional to
hold anyone’s interest for long anyway). Self-compassion embraces
imperfection with love, providing the fertile soil needed for romance to truly
flourish.

My Story: And I Promise to Help You Have Compassion for
Yourself
As I mentioned earlier, when Rupert and I got married we included in our
vows the promise to help each other be more self-compassionate. This was
not an empty promise, but a commitment to a way of being with ourselves
and each other that radically transformed our relationship. Moreover, we took
some concrete steps to help us become more self-compassionate when
relating to each other. One practice we found to be particularly effective was
to take “self-compassion breaks” during arguments. Such breaks provide a
space in which we can not only cool down, but also give ourselves
compassion for the difficult situation in which we have landed ourselves.
This practice is helpful for a variety of reasons. For one thing, it helps us to
both soothe our bruised egos, a useful tool given that many of the fights
couples have stem from the need to protect one’s self-esteem.
As a typical example, I remember once when Rupert got irritated with me
because I kept interjecting into a discussion he was having with a friend. It
was when the British government was proposing to ban foxhunting (which
they subsequently did in 2004). Rupert, an avid equestrian, grew up with the
sport, while I’m a vegetarian. Needless to say we had vastly different
opinions on the ethical nature of galloping across the countryside following
hounds chasing down a fox. The problem wasn’t that I was expressing my
opinion; it was that I kept cutting Rupert off mid-sentence so he couldn’t
properly express his own point of view. After the friend went home, Rupert
mildly rebuked me for continually butting in on his conversation. Instead of
gracefully apologizing, I merely upped the ante by suggesting that Rupert’s
opinion on foxhunting was thickheaded and needed to be corrected. In
hindsight, I could see that I was too ashamed to admit that I was indeed out of
line by continually interrupting him, even if I did believe foxhunting was
cruel. So to salvage my self-esteem I tried to change the subject to a more
self-flattering topic: the fact that I was right and Rupert was wrong. This just
exacerbated things, of course, as Rupert now had the double whammy of
feeling humiliated in front of his friend while also being insulted by his wife.
Things started to heat up from there.
Fortunately, before things spun too far out of control, I somehow

managed to squeak out “self-compassion break!” between the rounds of
machine-gun fire. We both took a few minutes to close our eyes and send
ourselves compassion. I realized that it was only human of me to want to
express my opinion on a topic that I felt passionately about. I wasn’t trying to
shut Rupert up, I was just carried away by my enthusiasm. Once my
defensive posture softened and I forgave myself for stepping out of line, I
was able to properly apologize to Rupert. “You know, you’re right. It was
really rude of me to keep cutting you off and it must have been terribly
frustrating for you. I apologize. Even though I still don’t agree with your
opinion, to be fair, you were making some very valid points that I wasn’t
open to considering.”
Rupert, for his part, had been giving himself compassion for how
frustrated he felt, so when I validated his feelings and his point of view he
was ready to accept my apology. He didn’t feel he had to defend himself any
longer and was in a more receptive frame of mind after being soothed and
comforted by his own compassion. In fact, he admitted that many of my
points were also valid, and we ended up having a really productive discussion
about the evils and merits of foxhunting, enabling us to come to more
agreement and consensus about the issue than I had thought possible. Rupert
did give up foxhunting later that year, in fact, but not in order to placate me.
Rather, his own compassionate sense allowed him to feel more for the fox
than for the culture he grew up with. (He still jumps horses over fences across
country, but without the moral quandary of having to hunt an animal in order
to do so.)
Sometimes when Rupert and I are having a conflict, of course, the issues
go deeper than mere bruised egos, or an abstract moral concept such as
whether or not it’s okay to foxhunt. Most people develop patterns of reacting
in relationships that are unhelpful, patterns that are typically formed in
response to early childhood traumas. My pattern, for instance, I call “hurt
little girl.” Because I felt abandoned by my father at an early age, feelings of
hurt and abandonment come up quite easily in my relationships with men.
This pattern was especially strong in the early years of my relationship with
Rupert. As mentioned earlier, I met Rupert while conducting my dissertation
research in India. Rupert, for his part, was a travel guidebook writer who was
gathering information for a guide to South India. After we got married,
Rupert continued to largely earn his living by writing articles for travel

magazines. Even though I knew that Rupert’s job required him, by definition,
to be away from home a lot, I would still sometimes act as if he were
abandoning me when he went off on a new assignment. I would pout when
Rupert left and sulk when he returned, the feeling of being hurt and
abandoned coloring my every expression.
Rupert’s childhood pattern, in contrast, he calls “unfairly treated little
boy.” A lot of his early childhood pain stemmed from being harshly treated
by the British teachers at the private school he attended, who were supposed
to have his best interests at heart. When he got a poor grade in his math class,
for instance, they responded by publicly humiliating him and making him
drop his favorite course in history—even though he really excelled in this
subject—as punishment. And with the teacher persecution came bullying
from other kids, who got the message that it was okay to pick on him. The
stress of such unfair treatment was so bad that he actually suffered a nervous
breakdown at age eleven and spent three months in bed. When I acted hurt
every time Rupert had to take a business trip—work that was necessary to
help support us as a couple—it quickly pressed his “that’s unfair!” button.
Rather than being able to alleviate my insecurities, therefore, Rupert would
tend to become angry and upset when I acted hurt. From his point of view,
my reactions were a direct criticism of him—a criticism that was grossly
unjust given that he had done nothing wrong. His feelings, like mine, were
experienced in an exaggerated manner, our overreactions stemming from a
well of pain that ran much deeper than the pain of the particular
circumstances at hand.
Luckily, because Rupert and I had made a commitment to selfcompassion, we were eventually able to break free of the grip of our
childhood conditioning. This was challenging because our complementary
patterns meant that we both tended to be simultaneously under their irrational
sway. Still, as long as one of us remembered to start the self-compassion
process during a conflict, the engine driving our negative reactions would
start to run out of steam. My hurt little girl would get her needs met by
feeling cared for and accepted, so that I could recognize that I wasn’t really
being abandoned. Similarly, Rupert’s unfairly treated little boy would start to
feel assuaged, so he could let go of his anger and realize that my reactions
were not actually a personal criticism. Once we were able to treat our
childhood patterns with compassion, we could focus on what was actually

happening here and now, and our conflict would unravel more easily. The
vow we made to help each other be more self-compassionate was one of the
best things we ever did.

Exercise Two
Take a Self-Compassion Break
The next time you’re in a heated argument with your partner, try
taking a self-compassion break. It’s best if you have both agreed to
do this, but even if your partner isn’t on board, taking a brief “timeout” to give yourself compassion during a conflict can be
incredibly useful. The hardest thing is mustering up enough
awareness to remember to take a break. Often we’re so involved in
the story line of what’s driving the conflict that nothing else enters
our awareness. With practice, however, you can use the pain
involved in a conflict to remind yourself that what you need in the
moment is self-compassion.
During the break, you should go to a place where you can be
alone for a few minutes (even the bathroom if need be). The first
thing to do is to put the “story” of what the fight is about on hold.
Your task now is just to soothe your upset state by validating your
emotions. Tell yourself “this is really hard right now” (once again,
your self-compassion mantra will probably be useful here). One of
the key causes of suffering when in conflict is that each person is
trying so hard to make their point that the other person doesn’t feel
heard or validated. Also, each feels unloved and rejected by the
other’s angry tone. So hear and validate yourself first. Accept and
care for yourself first. This will help de-escalate your emotional
reactivity and put you in a more peaceful frame of mind.
Once the break is over, you’ll be able to engage with your
partner more constructively. If you can, try to express at least one
positive emotion to your partner—a laugh, a smile, a kind word, or
a statement that you understand what your partner is saying. This
can help shift the dynamics of the conflict considerably and help to

transform it into a productive discussion.
Self-compassion gives incredible strength to romantic relationships.
When we stop depending on our partners to meet all our emotional needs—
giving ourselves the love and acceptance we want—we become less clingy,
needy, and dependent. When we remember that we’re only human, we can
admit our mistakes and talk things through with greater calm and clarity. And
by being gentle and warm with ourselves, we’ll be in a better emotional space
to be there for the person we love.

Self-Compassion in the Bedroom
Not only can self-compassion lead to satisfying and mutually validating
romantic relationships—it can also improve our sex lives. Bonus. Sex is an
amazing way to feel alive, passionate, and connected. It’s also one of the
most pleasurable activities we can engage in as adults. So why is our society
so conflicted when it comes to sex? Even though sexual images are
everywhere, people have a hard time dealing with sex in an open, honest
way. There can be incredible shame associated with sexuality, especially for
women. Even for those raised after the sexual revolution of the 1960s, society
sends the message that a woman’s value and self-worth lies in her ability to
keep herself sexually pure. A woman who outright enjoys sex and—God
forbid—wants a lot of it is called . . . well, we know what she’s called.
It’s not nearly as bad as it used to be, of course. Women are no longer
required to be virgins when they marry, but there’s still a huge double
standard. Men who have multiple sexual partners are praised for being studs,
while women are condemned for the exact same thing. There are few role
models of women who are proud and unapologetic about their sexuality. The
character Samantha from Sex in the City is a good example. Her views on
when to have sex with a man she’s just started dating? “Don’t play ‘hard to
get’ with a man who’s hard to get.” The reason Samantha is so funny, of
course, is because she is brave enough to celebrate something that is usually
so frowned upon.
On the other hand, a woman who has sex with a man on their first date
mainly because she wants him to like her, not because it reflects her authentic

sexuality, is in fact devaluing herself. If a woman derives her sense of selfworth primarily based on how many catcalls she gets while walking in her
stilettos (Jimmy Choos or not), she’s selling herself short because her selfworth is dependent on how the outside world views her rather than coming
from within. Using sex as a means to get self-esteem may lead to poor
decisions about who to have sex with and can also make you emotionally
vulnerable. “Why didn’t he call me back? Wasn’t I good enough?”
Teen girls face an especially daunting challenge when it comes to
sexuality and self-worth. On the one hand, adolescence is becoming more and
more sexualized in our society. Take a stroll in any suburban shopping mall
and you’ll see girls with thongs peeking out of their low-cut jeans, their lacy
push-up bras clearly visible underneath paper-thin T-shirts. And not just
teens. According to Diane Levin and Jean Kilbourne, the authors of the book
So Sexy, So Soon, even prepubescent girls are wearing miniskirts, thongs, and
padded bras. The message? Your value lies in what you got, and if you got it,
flaunt it. The music young people listen to reinforces the notion that girls are
primarily sex objects. Approximately two-thirds of the popular songs that
focus on sex have lyrics that are degrading toward women. Like this song
from the Ying Yang Twins: “They say a closed mouth don’t get fed. So I
don’t mind asking for head. You heard what I said, we need to make our way
to the bed.” The average teen listens to about two and a half hours of music
per day.
For some young women, sex itself is becoming less meaningful. In her
book Unhooked, Laura Sessions Stepp documents how “hookups” are the
norm in many high schools and college campuses, and that it is no longer
considered cool to want sex in the context of a long-term, emotionally
intimate relationship. In reaction to rampant misogyny, some girls are
responding in kind. As one put it, “Sometimes you just want to screw them
before they screw you.” Stepp recounts the story of a girl named Nicole who
had sex with a guy in his room after he sent her a text asking to meet up.
“Several hours later, as she prepared to leave, he asked her, ‘What do we do
about this?’ . . . ‘We do nothing,’ she said. ‘I got what I wanted.’”
At the same time that sexual norms appear to be getting looser, the
opposite trend is also occurring. If you look closely, you’ll see that many of
the young girls in the mall wearing thigh-high boots and cutoff tops are also
sporting purity rings. Almost one-quarter of teen girls (and about one-sixth of

teen boys) have taken a pledge to remain sexually abstinent until marriage.
Some have made successful careers out of being virgins, like Britney Spears,
Jessica Simpson, or Brooke Shields. These young stars largely became
popular for showing as much skin as possible, posing provocatively for the
camera, and waxing lyrical about the importance of chastity. Such conflicting
messages about sex are not without their consequences. Several large-scale
studies have found that young people who make virginity pledges are just as
likely to have premarital sex as those who don’t take the pledge, but are less
likely to use condoms and more likely to have anal and oral sex. (Like,
technically it doesn’t count.)
It’s no wonder that girls and women in our society have such a hard time
relating to their sexuality in a healthy way. We are either made to feel
ashamed for being too sexual, or else for not being sexual enough.
Self-compassion can help us develop a healthier, more authentic way of
relating to sex. First and foremost, by being supportive and nurturing toward
our sexuality—whatever shape or form it comes in—we can stop being
victims of sexual shame. We don’t need to judge ourselves according to
society’s mixed-up sexual norms. Some people are straight, some
homosexual, some bisexual, others trysexual (as in “I’ll try anything”). Some
people want sex all the time, others only occasionally. Some people choose to
remain virgins until they’re married, others don’t. Some people want lifelong
celibacy, others monogamy, others serial monogamy, others polyamory.
Some married couples are basically platonic and don’t have sex at all. There
is no right or wrong when it comes to sex, only what’s healthy or unhealthy
for each individual or couple. When we deny our human nature—and sexual
desire certainly lies at the very core of human nature—we will not have
healthy sexual relationships. And therefore we will not have healthy romantic
relationships either. Well-being cannot be nurtured in a lie.
When we give ourselves compassion, however, when we care for and
look after ourselves, we can start to let go of society’s narrow definitions of
how men and women are supposed to be sexually. We can start to love and
accept ourselves exactly as we are and can express our sexuality in the way
that most fulfills us. In his book The Soul Beneath the Skin: The Unseen
Hearts and Habits of Gay Men, author David Nimmons argues that gay men
are probably the most liberated on this front. Because they’ve had to buck
societal convention anyway, they are more likely to find support in their

communities for sexual authenticity in whatever form it takes.
What’s most important is to honor the passionate aliveness that results
when two human souls join together. What is right for one person may not be
right for another, so it’s unreasonable to expect that all people should follow
one “acceptable” pattern of sexuality and one pattern only. Our sexual
decisions should stem from our inner desire for happiness, not from the
pressure to mold ourselves into a particular form to get societal approval, or
even approval from our partner.

Exercise Three
Releasing Sexual Shame
Take a good, honest look at your sexual self. Are you fully
accepting of your sexual feelings, whatever they may be? Is there
anything you feel ashamed about, or judge yourself for? First, give
yourself compassion for the self-judgment you are experiencing.
Realize that almost all people have sexual thoughts and feelings
they are ashamed of, and have compassion for this shared aspect of
the human experience. Try to let go of your self-blame, and instead
give yourself compassion for the difficulty of being a sexual being
in our sexually conflicted, confused society.
Then, it’s important to ask yourself whether the negative
feelings you have about your sexuality come from the fact that
you’re harming yourself in some way, or if they stem primarily
from societal conventions. Do you feel ashamed mainly because
the larger culture tells you you’re not supposed to be the way you
are? Or do you feel there is in fact an unhealthy aspect to your
sexuality, that you’re harming yourself or someone else by acting
out sexual urges in a way you truly regret? As you think about your
sexual self, try to determine what’s authentic for you. Remember
that all human beings are different sexually, but there is one thing
we share—most of us suffer at some point in our lives because our
sexuality comes into conflict with societal dictates. If you want to
make changes in your sex life, make sure your decisions are driven

by your desire to be healthy and happy. Authentic sexuality means
you accept and validate all your sexual feelings, and fulfill your
desires in a way that helps you to grow and flourish.
When we accept ourselves, our bodies, and our sexuality—embracing
ourselves with kindness—we may also be directly enhancing our sexual
responsiveness. Although this is a new area of research, some evidence
suggests that self-compassionate women are more in touch with their bodies.
One study assigned a group of female undergraduates to a fifteen-week
mindfulness training course, or else to a control group. Researchers found
that the mindfulness group increased their levels of self-compassion
compared to controls—a finding consistent with other research. However,
results also showed that increased self-compassion was associated with faster
recognition of sexual feelings. When presented with erotic images, selfcompassionate women were quicker to notice when they had become
aroused. This suggests that self-compassion can help women become more
attuned to their bodies and more comfortable with their sexuality.
Self-compassion can also improve our sex lives in another way. It can
help heal the childhood wounds that spill over into the bedroom. Again, this
issue can be especially salient for women. Given that half of all marriages
end in divorce, and that most children from divorced homes are raised by
single mothers, a huge number of girls are deprived of their fathers’ love and
attention while growing up. The “hurt little girl” pattern caused by this
deprivation is incredibly common, and I know I’m not at all unusual in
suffering from it. I also know, however, that the pattern can interfere with
sexual intimacy. Because sex opens us up psychologically and spiritually, it
also tends to open up old wounds having to do with not feeling loved enough.
This creates a neediness and craving for validation that is about as sexy as a
cold, wet blanket.

My Story: Sexual Healing
I remember early on in my relationship with Rupert, I’d sometimes find
myself inexplicably switching from sex goddess to wounded little girl in the
blink of an eye, sighs of passion suddenly devolving into sobs of sadness

without warning. This was disconcerting for Rupert, to say the least. It was as
if by receiving the love and intimacy I had always wanted, old patterns of
feeling unloved and rejected felt safe enough to break through to conscious
awareness. Because of our commitment to self-compassion, we’d try to use
these occasions as opportunities for healing. Instead of being ashamed of my
decidedly unsexy behavior, with Rupert’s encouragement I was able to focus
on the suffering I was experiencing in the moment, and the desire to
ameliorate that suffering. Both of us would concentrate all our attention on
soothing the emotions of my wounded self, having compassion for the deep
scars still imbedded in my psyche. There was a several-month period where
this was happening frequently, and Rupert, bless him, was completely
supportive.
What happened may sound strange, and can be interpreted on a
metaphoric level, but while we were focusing on healing “hurt little girl” as
we made love, it felt as if we were also healing the wounds of countless
women who had gone before me. I got clear mental images of women
passing through my body and being released, and I felt deeply in touch with
the pain caused to women throughout history. Repressed, suppressed, used,
abused, devalued, disempowered, and abandoned: so many souls in need of
healing. As we focused our intention on releasing these wounded souls,
Rupert and I fell into a sort of trance, transforming suffering through the
power of compassion—my own and that of innumerable others. After a few
months of consciously dedicating our lovemaking in this way, I stopped
seeing these mental images of hurt women. The cycle seemed to be over, the
healing complete. And amazingly, hurt little girl never asserted herself in the
bedroom again, assured that she was and is loved. (Luckily, sex goddess still
likes to make an appearance now and then.)

Part Five
THE JOY OF SELF-COMPASSION

Chapter Twelve

THE BUTTERFLY EMERGES
The deeper that sorrow carves into your being the more joy you
can contain.
Is not the cup that holds your wine the very cup that was burned in
the potter’s oven?
—KAHLIL GIBRAN, The Prophet

SELF-COMPASSION HAS THE POWER TO RADICALLY TRANSFORM OUR mental and
emotional reality. Just like the alchemists of old, who sought to use the
philosopher’s stone to transmute lead into gold, we can use self-compassion
to transmute suffering into joy. By changing the way we relate to our own
imperfection and pain, we can actually change our experience of living. Try
as we may, we can’t control life so that it goes exactly as we want it to. The
unexpected and undesired do happen, every day. Yet when we wrap our
suffering in the cocoon of compassion, something new emerges. Something
wonderful, exquisite, beautiful.

Openheartedness
When we give ourselves compassion, we are opening our hearts in a way that
transforms our lives. What does it mean to be openhearted? It’s a phrase we
use all the time, but what does it actually mean? Openheartedness is a state of
emotional receptivity in which even unpleasant or negative experiences are
held with caring concern. When we kiss the boo-boo on a child’s hurt finger
or listen empathetically to a dear friend telling us their woes—when we feel

compassion, in other words—we experience an inner warmth spreading out
from the center of our chest. This feeling is what lets us know that our hearts
are open. And how does it feel to have an open heart? Pretty damn good!
When compassion is flowing through our veins, we feel at our vibrant best—
connected, alive, “plugged in.” When we unlock our hearts, new experiences
are free to emerge—experiences of love, courage, and unlimited possibility.
When our hearts are closed, however, we remain unmoved by life’s
sorrows. As we shut out the pain, we also shut ourselves down. Our fear of
being overwhelmed by negative emotions leads us to tune out, so that we feel
only constriction in the center of our chest. The price paid for protecting our
hearts is to cut off our very lifeblood. We feel cold, empty, unhappy, and
deeply unsatisfied. And the time when our hearts are most likely to close is
when our pain is caused by negative self-judgment, when we feel we aren’t
good enough in some way. We’re often incredibly callous when relating to
our own inadequacies and imperfections, meaning that much of the time
we’re slamming the door of our heart right in our own face.
Fortunately, when we decide to hold our flawed humanity with
compassion, everything changes. By responding to our own pain with a sense
of kindness and connection, by soothing and comforting ourselves when
faced with the imperfection of ourselves or our lives, we are creating new
positive emotions that weren’t there a moment earlier. Instead of just feeling
inadequate, we now feel both inadequate and connected in remembering this
shared aspect of the human experience. Instead of just feeling sadness, we
now feel both sadness and the sweet tenderness of concern for a wound that
needs healing. Instead of just feeling frightened, we now feel both frightened
and comforted by our own kindness and caring. By relating to ourselves with
compassion, we are holding our negative emotions in the warm embrace of
good feeling.
This means that hidden within every moment of anguish lies the potential
for contentment. Pain can become the doorway to happiness, because feeling
loved, cared for, and connected is what makes us truly happy.
I remember the first time the penny dropped for me that self-compassion
had the power to transform difficult, painful experiences into pleasurable
ones. It was in my last year of graduate school at Berkeley, a couple months
after learning about self-compassion in my weekly meditation group. I was in
a particularly bad mood. My soon-to-be-ex-husband John had just called me

up on the phone to tell me what a horrible, disgusting person I was, so that I
had to hang up on him mid-harangue. Rupert was out of town on a work
assignment, and we had argued the morning he departed so things had been
left on a sour note between us. The deadline for submitting the final draft of
my dissertation was fast approaching. I was behind in my work and seriously
wondering if I really had what it took to make it as an academic. Would I
ever get a “real” job, would I ever have a happy, uncomplicated life? I was
rolled up into a tight black ball of insecurity, fear, and self-loathing.
And then I remembered self-compassion. What did the teacher say
again? I thought to myself. Oh yeah, that’s right, first just be mindful of what
you’re experiencing. Observe each thought and emotion as it arises and
describe it gently, without trying to resist it or push it away. Okay I think I
can do that. Let’s see. Shame, tightness in my throat, pressure, pain in my
stomach. Heaviness, sinking, sinking. Fear, pressure in the back of my head,
heart beating fast, hard to breathe . . . All right, now try giving yourself
compassion for how hard it is to feel this way right now. Hmm. Can’t feel
anything. I’ll try giving myself a little hug . . . Warmth. Warm tingles rising
up my arms. Softness. And then the tears came. Deep wells of grief as I
allowed myself to really feel how hard it was at the moment. It’s okay, it’s
okay. Life is hard sometimes, it’s okay. Everyone has these moments. I’m
here for you, I care about you. It’s not so bad, it will pass. Softening in my
chest and throat. Little waves of contentment spreading from the center of my
face. Quieting. Quieting. Quiet.
Each time a new painful feeling arose, I would hold it in my awareness
like this, describe it mentally, and send myself compassion for feeling it. And
then I would hold the feeling of compassion in my awareness, describing it
and feeling it in my body, savoring how good it felt to be cared for. After
things quieted down, another painful feeling would soon rise up, and round
I’d go through the whole cycle again. It went on like this for about an hour.
Yet after a while, I realized that my predominant experience was no
longer an unpleasant one. Change was afoot. Instead of being stuck in the
pain, my awareness was increasingly resting in the feelings of love, kindness,
and connectedness that held the pain. As it did, the pain itself started to
soften, the worry to lift, and I began to feel a lightness in my body. It was
perhaps the first time I had really opened my heart to myself, and I started to
feel almost giddy, like I had drunk a glass of champagne for the first time. Or

perhaps it was more like drinking a glass of vintage red wine—the flavors
were rich, deep, spicy, and complex. I felt centered, stable, at peace. I
realized that these beautiful sensations I was experiencing weren’t contingent
on things going the way I wanted them to. They didn’t depend on receiving
praise, or being successful, or having a perfect relationship. I realized that my
own heart was a deep well I could drink from at any time, and that ironically
I would be most likely to remember to drink from that well when things were
at their most difficult. I had found something that would change my life
forever, and I was grateful beyond words.

Exercise One
Transforming Negativity
The next time you find yourself in the grip of negative emotions,
try generating some positive emotions to go alongside them. You
can use the following phrases when you’re stuck in negativity,
designed to validate your feelings while also focusing on your
desire to be happy:
It’s hard to feel (fill in the blank) right now.
Feeling (blank) is part of the human experience.
What can I do to make myself happier in this moment?
The first phrase compassionately acknowledges the difficulty of
having negative emotions. The second phrase is a reminder that
negative emotions are a normal, natural part of being human, and
therefore should not be judged. The third phrase helps you get in
touch with your desire to be happy. This may enable you to
broaden your focus, finding creative ways to reset your buttons.
You might take a hot bath, or consider what’s good about your
present situation (there’s almost always something good in any
given moment). These steps are not taken to resist being in a
negative frame of mind, but because you want health and wellbeing for yourself.
Once you say these phrases, your negative mood may start to

lift, replaced by a feeling of calm contentment. You might even be
able to have a sense of humor about it all, and nothing lifts a bad
mood like a good chuckle. Woody Allen made a career out of
laughing at negativity, of course: “What if everything is an illusion
and nothing exists? In that case, I definitely overpaid for my
carpet.”

Open-Mindedness
Not only does self-compassion open our hearts, it also opens our minds,
releasing our perceptions from the tight clamp of negativity. When we’re lost
in negative judgment, our awareness automatically narrows in on what’s
wrong with ourselves and our lives. We only see the blemish of imperfection,
taking for granted the beauty and wonder of the bigger picture.
The evolutionary purpose of negative emotions is to spur actions that will
help us survive, eliciting powerful urges known as specific action tendencies.
Anger, for instance, creates the urge to attack, fear the urge to escape, shame
the urge to hide, and so on. When caught in the grip of negative emotions, it
feels like we have one option and one option only. When the bear is charging
us, we don’t have time to deliberate between choices. We act or we die. This
tendency may come in handy when threatened by hairy carnivores, but it’s
not so useful when our problems are less directly life threatening, like when
our new car gets dinged by a stray shopping cart in the grocery store parking
lot. Negative emotions narrow our worldview to the point that we can’t see
other possibilities right under our noses. As Helen Keller said, “When one
door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the
closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us.”
When we give ourselves compassion, holding our disappointment in kind,
connected, mindful awareness, the door opens up again. When we soothe and
comfort ourselves, we provide ourselves with a sense of safety, giving us the
courage to finally peek out from the rock we’ve been hiding under and see
what’s outside. More often than not, things aren’t as bad as we feared, and we
start noticing things about ourselves and our lives that are actually pretty
good.
The calm, hopeful mind-set provided by self-compassion can lead to an

upward spiral of positive emotions that helps us break free of fear and greatly
improves the quality of our lives. Leading social psychologist Barbara
Frederickson, author of the book Positivity, has proposed something called
broaden-and-build theory to explain how it all works. Frederickson argues
that positive emotions allow you to take advantage of opportunities rather
than merely avoid dangers. Positive emotions, rather than narrowing our
attention, do just the opposite. Because they help us to feel calm and safe,
good feelings increase openness to new experiences, as well as increasing a
sense of connectedness and trust in others. As Frederickson says, “Positivity
opens us. The first core truth about positive emotions is that they open our
hearts and minds, making us more receptive and more creative.”
First, let’s consider how negative emotions tend to interfere with seeing
things clearly and prevent us from making wise decisions. Let’s say you’re
running late for work and still have to walk your dog before leaving for the
day. You’re stressed and mad at yourself for not getting up earlier. You grab
the leash and try to attach it to Fido’s collar, leash in one hand, cup of coffee
in the other. But in your harried state you keep missing the ring on his collar
and it takes you three times longer than it should to hook the leash on. What’s
more, you take so long that Fido thinks you’re bending down for a cuddle. He
excitedly tries to lick your face and ends up spilling your coffee all over the
kitchen floor. You curse, wipe up the spill, and roughly pull Fido out the
door. You’re impatient and grumpy as you take the dog for a walk around the
block. When is he going to do his morning business? I’m fifteen minutes late
already. When he finally does his morning duty, he does so smack-dab in the
middle of the sidewalk. You reach into your purse for your disposable dog
poop bags, only to find that you forgot to bring the bags in your rush to get
out the door. Five minutes, ten leaves, and fifteen grimaces later you manage
to clear the mess from the sidewalk. When you finally get home, you wash
your hands and go to grab your car key from the front pocket of your purse,
where it normally resides. But the key isn’t there. You look once, twice, three
times, each time getting more and more frustrated. You finally dump all the
contents of your purse out only to find that your car key is, in fact, in your
back pocket. You had put it there so you could get out the door more quickly
after returning home from walking the dog. When you finally get to work,
you’re a half hour late and have missed the beginning of your work-group’s
daily meeting. You walk in sheepishly, all eyes staring as you try to find a

chair, wishing you were invisible. Your negative mind-set has caused you to
be clumsy and inefficient, not to mention landing you in trouble with your
boss. And your day is likely to just keep getting worse from there.
Now consider how this scenario might have played out if you had focused
on the positive rather than the negative. You’re running late for work and
have to walk your dog before leaving for the day. Although you slept in a bit
too long, you’re grateful that you got those few extra minutes of sleep. You
pour yourself a cup of coffee, noticing how good it smells. You take a
moment to enjoy the first few sips and realize that you should probably put
your coffee in a travel mug before you take Fido for his walk. You grab the
leash for Fido’s collar, leash in one hand, cup of coffee in the other. As you
do so, Fido tries to give you a kiss. You put down your coffee (which
fortunately was in a spill-proof travel mug), give Fido a scratch behind the
ears, and quickly and easily attach his leash. What a sweet dog, he’s such a
good companion, you think to yourself. You calmly walk outside,
remembering to pick up the dog poop bags on your way out. You notice what
a bright, beautiful morning it is and thoroughly enjoy your brief walk. As
soon as Fido finishes his morning business, you clean up and soon arrive
back home. You wash your hands and search your purse for your car keys.
Where are they? I always keep them in the front pocket of my purse. Oh yeah.
That’s right. I put them in my back pocket so I could get out the door more
quickly. Guess I’m cleverer than I thought! You arrive to work only ten
minutes late, with five minutes to spare before your work-group’s morning
meeting starts. Your spirits are high as the meeting begins, especially when
your boss approves of the creative solution you offer for a problem he brings
up. Your positive mind-set has helped you to be deft, careful, and efficient in
your actions and will likely lead to a day that just keeps getting better.
We’ve all had many times that have unfolded like the first scenario, and
thankfully also many times that have unfolded like the second. It seems that
when we’re in a negative mind-state, everything that can go wrong does go
wrong. When we’re in a positive frame of mind, however, things seem to go
more smoothly. Frederickson’s research shows that this process isn’t magic.
Rather, negative emotions tend to narrow our attention so much that we miss
the obvious and make mistakes, meaning that we cause ourselves extra stress
and problems. Positive emotions, on the other hand, tend to broaden our
attention so that we notice useful details and have creative ideas, meaning

that we maximize our thinking, decision-making abilities, and coping skills.

Exercise Two
Take a Pleasure Walk
Take a fifteen- to thirty-minute pleasure walk outside. It’s best if
you can take the walk in nature but any outdoor walk will do (e.g.,
walking from your office to the bus stop). The goal of the walk is to
notice as many pleasant things as possible, so that you are
generating an upbeat frame of mind. How many happy, beautiful,
or inspiring things can you notice while you’re walking? Is it a nice
day? Or if it’s raining, can you focus on the life-giving qualities of
the rain? Are there beautiful plants or flowers? Bird song? A
squirrel? Are there any pleasant scents? What’s good about the
experience of walking itself? Can you get in touch with the wonder
of being able to walk, of feeling the earth underneath your feet?
And how about any people you pass? Are there two lovers holding
hands, friends laughing, a mother with her small child? If you’re
smiling at this point (and you probably will be after generating such
positive emotions), are you getting any smiles back? Perhaps even
a hello? So much of our mental state depends on our intention to
notice the good, an intention that will water the seeds of happiness.
Fredrickson and her colleagues have recently become interested in how
feelings of compassion help to cultivate positive emotions. They conducted a
study in which participants were taught how to do the loving-kindness
meditation described in chapter 9. Five days a week, for eight weeks,
participants generated feelings of loving-kindness for themselves, close
others, acquaintances, strangers, and finally to all living beings.
Compared with a control group (who had signed up for the meditation
course but hadn’t yet taken it), participants who practiced loving-kindness
meditation reported feeling more positive emotions such as love, joy,
gratitude, contentment, hope, pride, interest, amusement, and awe on a daily
basis. They also reported feeling greater self-acceptance, as well as more

positive relationships with other people in their lives. Interestingly,
participants also experienced better physical health, reporting fewer
symptoms of illness such as headaches, congestion, or weakness.
Similarly, an fMRI study by Richie Davidson examined the brain
functioning of experienced Buddhist monks and novice student volunteers
who meditated on unconditional compassion for all beings, the self included.
Results indicated that while meditating, both groups had higher levels of
brain activation in the left prefrontal cortex, the brain region associated with
joy and optimism. The monks, in fact, had the highest levels of activation
ever recorded by Western scientists. (Those were some happy monks!)

Self-Compassion and Positive Psychology
Over the past decade, eminent psychologists such as Martin Seligman and
Mihaly Csikzentmihalyi have become increasingly interested in the way that
positive emotions like love, joy, curiosity, and hope can help to maximize
health and well-being. Generally known as the “positive psychology”
movement, its focus is on understanding the factors that lead to mental health
rather than mental illness—on cultivating strengths rather than eliminating
weaknesses. Our research shows that self-compassionate people experience
more positive emotions in their lives—such as enthusiasm, interest,
inspiration, and excitement—than those who are self-critical. They also
report being much happier. Ironically, even though self-compassion arises
during experiences of suffering, it tends to create joyous mind-states. Again,
self-compassion doesn’t erase negative feelings, it embraces them with care
and kindness. This sets off the “broaden-and-build cycle” mentioned earlier.
Because self-compassion makes us feel safe, centered, and connected, we can
delight in what’s wonderful about our lives rather than dwelling solely on
problems and limitations. We can start to pursue our dreams rather than
merely ward off dangers.
Accordingly, our research shows that self-compassionate people are much
more optimistic than those who lack self-compassion. Optimism refers to the
belief that things are going to be okay, that the future holds good things.
Unlike pessimists, who often don’t bother trying because they assume that
everything is going to hell in a handbasket (as the saying goes, you should

always borrow money from a pessimist—they don’t expect it back), optimists
usually work diligently toward their goals, secure in the assumption that their
efforts will bear fruit. Self-compassionate people are more optimistic because
they know that if problems occur, they can deal with them. They have the
emotional strength needed to cope with whatever arises. If you’re able to
comfort yourself every time something painful happens, staying centered and
not running away with reactivity, you can start to trust yourself. You can
more easily find inner courage when hard times hit, knowing that you can get
through almost anything with the help of your own compassionate support.
Similarly, we’ve also found that self-compassionate people tend to be
more curious about life than others. Curiosity is the engine of growth,
spurring us on to explore, discover, and take risks, even when we feel
anxious or uncomfortable. Self-compassion provides us with the sense of
safety and equanimity needed to remain open as we take leaps into the
unknown. It allows us to take refuge in interest and discovery when we have
no idea what’s going to unfold from one moment to the next.
People with self-compassion also tend to be more satisfied with their lives
than those who lack self-compassion, a finding we’ve demonstrated among
people living in both Eastern and Western cultures. Life satisfaction refers to
an overall sense of contentment with how one’s life has developed, the
feeling that one’s life has meaning and value. When you apply the soothing
balm of self-compassion to your broken bits—your failures and
disappointments—you can integrate your sorrow into a deep, rich, and
satisfying acceptance of what it means to live a human life.

Celebrating the Human Experience
We know that self-compassion generates positive feelings that maximize
health and well-being. What is truly wondrous, however, is the fact that these
positive emotions do not require you to pretend that reality is anything other
than what it is. Instead, self-compassion allows you to widen your outlook so
that you can fully appreciate and acknowledge all aspects of life, the bad as
well as the good.
A truly satisfying, enjoyable life is varied and diverse—polyphone, not
monotone. Imagine if the only songs you ever heard were your top ten

favorites, and that was it. Forever and ever. You’d soon want to jump out of a
window due to the relentless boredom. To keep things interesting we need
contrast and variety in our lives. The Doris Day ideal of a constantly sunny
disposition is just that—a Hollywood ideal. A cardboard cutout of a real
person that ultimately leaves one wanting more. Hollywood lore has it that
Doris Day turned down the role of Mrs. Robinson in the film The Graduate
because it clashed with her usual goodie-two-shoes film persona. Can you
imagine how much more interesting her film biography would have been—
and how much longer her career would have lasted—if she had accepted the
part and run with it?
While we ultimately want happiness in our lives, achieving this state
requires feeling all of our emotions—the highs and the lows, the leaps
forward as well as the setbacks. Emotions such as sadness, shame, anger, and
fear are as necessary and integral to life’s drama as joy, pride, love, and
courage. As Carl Jung once wrote, “Even a happy life cannot be without a
measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were
not balanced by sadness.” The key word here is balance. We don’t want
negative feelings to color all of our perceptions, but we don’t want to totally
exclude them either. As if excluding them was even possible.
When we’re compassionate toward our suffering, the pleasures of
kindness, connectedness, and mindfulness quickly become blended with our
painful feelings. The resulting flavor can be surprisingly satisfying—a little
like dark chocolate. Without any pain, the pleasure of life would be too
sugary, without any depth or complexity. On the other hand, pain without
pleasure would be too bitter, like unsweetened cocoa. But when pain and
pleasure are combined, when both are embraced with an open heart, you start
to feel whole, full, complete. So next time you’re having a hard time, try
remembering the words dark chocolate. It might just provide the inspiration
you need to wrap your bitter pain in the sweet, loving folds of compassion.

My Story: The Horse Boy
I certainly have firsthand knowledge of the joy that self-compassion can
provide. The commitment that Rupert and I made to having open hearts and
open minds allowed us to do something crazy—to pursue an impossible

dream and have that dream come true.
No one knows what causes autism, it’s a mystery. We also don’t
understand why autism has been increasing at such alarming rates. For
parents in the front line, however, the big question isn’t what causes autism,
but what to do about it? Much of the information on therapies and treatments
for autism is conflicting. All of it is expensive. When our son, Rowan, was
diagnosed with the disorder, we had no choice but to accept the unknowns
and deal with each moment as best we could. Because there were so few
answers, we decided we’d try anything to help Rowan that wasn’t going to
harm him. Little did I know the adventure that decision would take us on.
Autism is exhausting. As I mentioned earlier, Rowan was subject to
endless screaming fits caused by his overstimulated nervous system. But out
in nature he would calm a little. When the tantrums came, Rupert would often
take Rowan out into the woods behind our house. One day, when Rowan was
three, he suddenly ran out of the woods and into our neighbor’s horse pasture,
getting through the fence and in among the horses’ hooves before Rupert
could stop him.
There he was, flat on his back, five horses milling and stamping around
him.
That’s when something extraordinary happened. The boss mare—a
notoriously grumpy old horse called Betsy—gently nosed the others aside
and bent her head to our son in submission. Something amazingly gentle and
unfathomable passed between them. Rupert—a lifelong horseman—had
assumed that Rowan wasn’t safe around horses, but after seeing Betsy’s
reaction, he immediately got the idea to take Rowan riding on her. I was
nervous and begged him to be cautious. But the moment Rupert put him into
the saddle and climbed up behind, Rowan began, amazingly, to talk. He
began to use meaningful speech for the first time. We were blown away.
That same year, another extraordinary thing happened. Rupert—who
works in human rights as well as being a writer—brought a group of San (or
Bushmen) tribesmen from Southern Africa to speak at the UN to protest
being evicted from their ancestral hunting grounds. The Bushmen have a
strong tradition of healing through the use of trance. We joined them for a
few days at a gathering of traditional healers outside of Los Angeles, and
they offered to “work” on Rowan. Almost immediately Rowan began to
point, show his toys to people, engage with others far more than he usually

did. For a few days it was almost, tantalizingly, like having a “normal” child.
We were ecstatic. Sadly, he fell back into the depths of his negative
symptoms as soon as the Bushmen went home. But this sudden, inexplicable
leap forward, combined with Rowan’s radical, positive reaction to Betsy, had
planted an idea in Rupert’s mind.
One evening he came in from riding with Rowan and said, as if it was the
most natural thing in the world, that he thought it might be a good idea for us
to take Rowan to the one place on Earth where horses and healing went
together—Mongolia. This is the country where the horse was first
domesticated, and where the word shaman (meaning “he who knows”) comes
from. A no-brainer, he said. I disagreed. Strongly.
“Let me get this straight,” I said. “You want us to take our autistic son
across Mongolia on horseback? That’s absurd! It’s the last thing we need to
do. It’s hard enough to get through each day, let alone do something crazy
like this. I can’t believe you’d even seriously suggest it. And I hate horses!”
Maybe hate is too strong a word, but I was never one of those I-want-apony girls. Rupert is the horsy one in our family. Growing up in the suburbs
of L.A., I had been more about Goth rock and trying to be cool. Rupert had
taught me to ride—kind of. But I never had the desire to really impose my
will over a horse. And horses know that: I’ve been run away with and bucked
off more times than I can count.
But Rupert had a strong and persistent gut feeling that we needed to take
Rowan to Mongolia in order to help him. The feeling in my gut when I
thought of going to Mongolia wasn’t intuition—more like terror. Rupert and I
fought about it, and fought hard. Then uncharacteristically—for we’re both
pretty stubborn—we both backed off, half hoping the other would cave in.
Two years passed. Rowan and Rupert rode together almost every day, and the
effects of this homegrown equine therapy were clear in terms of Rowan’s
rapidly developing language. But by age five, Rowan still wasn’t toilet
trained. We had taken him out of diapers, thinking he’d be so uncomfortable
pooping in his underpants that he’d become motivated to use the toilet. But it
wasn’t working. Nothing worked. And Rowan still suffered from
unfathomable, inconsolable tantrums. He was also cut off from his peers,
unable to make friends.
Rupert had been in e-mail contact with a Mongolian travel operator and
was tentatively planning the trip despite my reservations. A young filmmaker

friend, Michel, wanted to go along to document the journey. He would go
without being paid, he said, seeing it as a great filmmaking opportunity. I
continued to resist.
Still, I had learned through the years that when Rupert gets a strong gut
feeling, it’s often right. He had a gut feeling about me, after all, and actually
asked me to marry him the first day we met. So I thought about the whole
Mongolia thing for a while, and my reaction surprised me. I realized that I
didn’t want to miss the adventure. That life was providing me with the
chance to turn things around, to channel our grief over Rowan’s autism into a
quest for healing. That I was being offered a choice between love and fear. So
I took a deep breath and said yes. I did joke, however, that for me it was a
win-win. If the trip was a failure, I’d get to say “I told you so” to Rupert
forever, and if it was a success, well, even better.
Rupert, being a writer, had put in a proposal to write a book about the trip
called The Horse Boy, hoping that he might get a book advance to offset at
least some of our costs and lost income while we were away. The proposal
had been with Rupert’s agent for several months, however, and we hadn’t
heard anything back. As an act of faith, we decided to go ahead and buy the
plane tickets, maxing out our credit cards.
Amazingly, about two weeks later, a bidding war broke out and Rupert
got a book advance that exceeded our wildest dreams. Suddenly there was
more than enough money to cover all our expenses, to make a proper
documentary (also called The Horse Boy), and most important, to put money
away for Rowan’s future. It was as if life was affirming our decision to take
the adventure and giving us as much security as possible to do so. We were
overwhelmed with gratitude.
So it was in this thankful frame of mind that we found ourselves in
August 2007 at the foot of a sacred mountain in Mongolia, where nine
shamans had gathered outside the capital city of Ulaanbaatar to conduct a
ritual for us. According to our guide Tulga, most had come hundreds of miles
just to help Rowan. It was perhaps the most intense afternoon of my life.
Rowan hated it at first, screamed and resisted, clearly disoriented and not
understanding all the noise and drumming going on around us. (Although I
must say, he was not really more distressed than he would have been on a
typical visit to the grocery store.)
Then it got really bizarre—the shamans said that a black energy had

entered my womb during my pregnancy, and they made me go down to the
river to wash my private parts with vodka. Yes, vodka. They also said that a
female ancestor on my mother’s side, someone with mental illness, was
somehow clinging to Rowan. In fact, my maternal grandmother had lost her
eight-year-old son in a car crash when my mother was only two. Then—years
later—only a few weeks after my mom moved out and got married, my
mom’s father died of a heart attack. My grandmother went mad with grief
and had to be committed. Was this the female ancestor they meant? Bizarre.
There was little time to reflect because next thing we knew Rupert and I were
being made to kneel, facing the mountain wall while a shaman whipped us
(not Rowan, thank God) with rawhide thongs, raising agonizing red welts on
our backs, arms, and thighs while Tulga, laughing nervously, told us: “Is
important not to cry out.”
Childbirth apart, I don’t think I’ve ever experienced anything so painful.
As I knelt in the grass, breathing deeply and feeling the rawhide thongs
pierce my skin, I sent myself compassion. Compassion for the pain of the
whip, compassion for the pain of having an autistic child, compassion for
everyone in the world suffering in so many different ways. I knew that the
pain the shaman was causing was born from the intention to heal, and that
made it bearable.
“Do you forgive your crazy husband?” asked Rupert, once the ritual was
done. We hugged, laughing. What else could we do?
And then something beautiful happened. Rowan started laughing,
giggling, playing with the shamans. Shortly afterward, to our amazement,
Rowan turned to this little boy who’d been standing at the edge of the circle,
hugged him, and said, “Mongolian brother.”
He’d never done anything like that before.
The little boy was called Tomoo—our guide Tulga’s son. Seeing the
boys’ amazing interaction, Tulga decided to bring Tomoo along on the trip
with us. Rowan had made his first friend.
So off into the great interior we went. It started with near disaster. Rowan
suffered a sudden loss of confidence during our first day on horseback,
completely rejecting the horses so that we had to abandon them and continue
on in a 4x4. This was heartbreak for Rupert: horses were the place where he
and Rowan connected most. But watching as Rowan’s friendship with
Tomoo began to flourish during the endless days of travel and the long,

impossibly beautiful evenings camped out on the open steppe was pure joy.
Something in our son was changing.
We washed ourselves and prayed in the sacred waters of Sharga Lake, a
strange, dreamlike place of wild swans and wilder horses, before traveling
north into Siberia, land of the mysterious reindeer people. Their healers were,
by reputation, the most powerful in the region. Rupert had heard that these
nomadic peoples (purportedly the ancestors of the first Native Americans
who crossed the Bering Strait tens of thousands of years earlier) could be
very difficult to locate, however. Finding them and asking for a healing for
Rowan was the final goal of our journey. But there were no roads to their
remote settlement. To get there, Rowan would have to accept being on
horseback again.
By now I was getting pretty exhausted by the trip. Imagine washing a
five-year-old’s soiled underwear three times a day with bottles of water filled
up at streams (no washers or dryers out on the steppe). I was also sick of the
terrible food—especially the rancid alcoholic mare’s milk called airag, which
tastes like vomit. Still, something was drawing us onward.
Rowan did finally get back on a horse again and started enjoying riding
once more. So up we went, following our guides up the twelve-thousand-foot
pass that had to be crossed to reach the high summer pastures of the reindeer
people. Three days’ hard riding later, we finally came upon their teepees.
Rowan was entranced. The people here—as everywhere in Mongolia—could
not have been more welcoming, bringing out tame reindeer for him and
Tomoo to ride, letting them cuddle with the impossibly cute baby reindeer
before the healings began.
For three days the shaman, an old, intensely charismatic man called
Ghoste, worked on Rowan, dancing and drumming in the firelit glow of his
teepee while Rowan crawled about, pretending to be a baby elephant.
On the last night I had a strange dream—and I almost never remember
my dreams. My late grandmother was with her son who had been killed. Only
now he was a grown man, and they were walking away together, hand in
hand, happy.
Next morning, Ghoste said it was time for us to go. He also said that the
stuff that really drove us crazy—Rowan’s incontinence, his tantruming—
these would stop now . . . today.
I was guarding my heart—so was Rupert. But the next day, while camped

down by the river, Rowan did his first intentional bowel movement and
cleaned himself. Two days later, he had his first success in a real toilet—
something not even his grannies or paid professionals had been able to
achieve. From that point on, we had only a few tantrums of any note. Within
weeks of returning home, they had ceased completely. Meanwhile Rowan’s
circle of friends started to grow. He even began riding Betsy by himself—for
Rupert, the fulfillment of a dream.
Was it the shamans, was it some sort of placebo effect, or was it simply
the effect of taking him to a radically new environment, pushing him to his
limits? I honestly don’t know. What I do know, though, is that as a family we
took a risk and somehow, through whatever crazy leap of faith, we found
healing.
Healing, not cure. Rowan did not get cured of his autism. Rowan is still
autistic. But he did get healed of the dysfunctions that went along with his
autism. These days Rowan is now so functional that some people have
trouble telling that he’s “on the spectrum” anymore. But his autism will
always be at the core of who he is and how he sees the world, and we
wouldn’t want it any other way.
The healing that Rupert and I received in Mongolia was that we came to
truly accept Rowan’s autism and stopped fighting against it. By opening up to
the mystery of autism, by learning to see it as an adventure rather than a
curse, we realized that Rowan’s autism was actually the best thing that ever
happened to us. We wouldn’t be leading such an incredibly interesting life if
it weren’t for Rowan’s autism. Ghoste had told us we needed to take Rowan
to a good traditional healer each year until he was nine. It didn’t matter from
which tradition. So in 2008 we took him to Namibia to see the Bushman
healer Rupert is closest to—a powerful shaman named Besa (a measure of
their closeness is that Rowan’s full name is Rowan Besa Isaacson). In 2009
we took him to see an amazing Aboriginal healer in Australia. In 2010 we
traveled to New Mexico and Arizona to see a Navajo medicine man. Each
time we’ve taken one of these journeys, Rowan has been transformed, and
we’ve been transformed—coming together closer as a family.
We’ve also been able to share the types of experiences we’ve had with
Rowan with other families. We’ve started running four-day “Horse Boy”
camps for families with autistic children, allowing for a more intense
immersion in horses and nature. Several children have had major

breakthroughs at the camps, including nonverbal kids who have uttered their
first words on horseback, to the astonishment of their parents. I’ve been
talking a lot about self-compassion to the parents at the camps, how crucial it
is when trying to cope with the stress of raising an autistic child. The joy,
satisfaction, and plain old fun we have doing all this is truly awe inspiring.
Autism is a gift, if you allow it to be. All of Rowan’s charm, humor,
talent, and intense interest in the natural world is because of his autism, not in
spite of it. Why would we ever want to change that? As Rupert likes to
remind me: “The old saying is that when life gives you lemons, make
lemonade. I say f*** that. When life gives you lemons, make margaritas.”

Exercise Three
Find the Silver Lining
Think of one or two of the biggest challenges you’ve faced in your
life so far, problems that were so difficult you thought you’d never
get through them at the time. In hindsight, can you see if anything
good came out of the experience? Did you grow as a person, learn
something important, find more meaning in your life? If you could,
would you go back in time and change what happened, if it meant
that you wouldn’t be the person you are now because of it?
Next, think about a challenge you’re facing right now. Is there
any way to see your problem in a different light? Is there anything
positive that might come out of your present circumstances? Any
learning opportunities, career possibilities, new relationships, a
reorganization of your priorities?
If you’re finding it difficult to see anything positive about your
current situation, it’s probably a signal you need more selfcompassion. Try using the three doorways of kindness, common
humanity, and mindfulness to approach your feelings of fear or
distress. Silently offer kind, nurturing words of support, as if from a
close friend. Maybe even give yourself a little hug if no one’s
looking. Think about the ways your situation connects you with
other people having similar problems—you are not alone. Try

taking a few deep breaths, and accepting that the situation is
happening, even though you don’t like it much.
Now look again. What is life trying to teach you right now? Is
this an opportunity to open your heart, to open your mind? Is there
any way that this seeming curse might actually be a blessing?
Margaritas anyone?

Chapter Thirteen

SELF-APPRECIATION
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is
that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our
darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to be
brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not
to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small doesn’t serve the
world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other
people won’t feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine,
as children do. We were born to make manifest the glory of God
that is within us. It’s not just in some of us; it’s in everyone. And as
we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people
permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear,
our presence automatically liberates others.
—MARIANNE WILLIAMSON, A Return to Love

THIS BOOK HAS LARGELY FOCUSED ON HOW TO RELATE TO OUR FAILURES and
inadequacies with self-compassion. But the three basic components of selfcompassion—kindness, a sense of common humanity, and mindfulness—are
not just relevant to what we don’t like about ourselves. They are equally
relevant to what we do like.

Appreciating Our Good Side
Sometimes it’s more difficult to see what’s right about ourselves than what’s
wrong. For those of us who don’t want to seem vain, even thinking about our

positive traits can make us uncomfortable. For this reason, a lot of people
have a hard time accepting compliments. You know the type. “Mary, you
look great! I like your blouse.” “Oh. Thanks, but it would look better on
someone who wasn’t so flat-chested.” Praise can make us squirm, and we
often don’t know how to respond without self-consciousness.
Flattery feels a lot better than insults, of course, but how many of us
really take the praise in? Own it. Delight in it. For a whole host of reasons,
it’s often trickier than you might think to feel positive about ourselves; most
of these stem from fear.
One fear involves setting up overly high expectations. Underplaying our
good points means that we’re more likely to pleasantly surprise others rather
than disappoint them. If you score the winning goal in your weekly soccer
match after repeatedly bemoaning what a crap player you are, you’re likely to
received astonished praise from your teammates. “I didn’t know you had it in
you! Well done!” At the same time, if you miss that crucial shot at the close
of the game, sympathy will still be forthcoming. “Oh well, at least you tried.”
Appearing proud and confident about your skills, on the other hand, opens
you up for attack when things go wrong. “Hey, I thought you said you were
one of the best players on your college team. What college was that, the
University of Uncoordinated Lame Asses?”
We also fear letting go of the devil we know. If we’re in the habit of
cutting ourselves down, recognition of our positive qualities will feel alien to
us. Our sense of self may be so infused with feelings of inadequacy that it
becomes frightening to see ourselves as worthy and valuable. Ironically, this
can feel like a sort of death to us, and our negative sense of self will therefore
fight hard to survive.
Fear of outshining others is another stumbling block. There’s no doubt we
live in a competitive culture where we need to feel special and above average
to feel okay about ourselves. At the same time, it’s lonely at the top. Some
part of our psyche recognizes that the climb toward superiority is also a
descent into isolation. Although we want high self-esteem, we also intuitively
know its potential downsides—feeling separate and disconnected from
others. If I acknowledge my greatness, does that mean I’m better than you,
and does that in turn mean you and I can no longer relate as equals? The
bipolar way in which we both crave and fear high self-esteem makes it hard
to be comfortable in our own skin.

Thomas, an accountant at a technology company, felt extremely awkward
and uncomfortable when anybody praised him. If he received a compliment
on his work performance, for instance, he’d quickly say “thanks” for the sake
of politeness but just as quickly change the subject. He felt like a fish out of
water and almost nauseated whenever a positive spotlight was turned on him.
He had no role model for how to accept a compliment, or how to linger in the
warmth of another’s praise. Instead, he was frightened to death of turning
into his boss, a cigar-smoking slick guy with a swollen head who thought he
was the cat’s pajamas. He hated his boss’s vain imperiousness and was
terrified of being anything like him.
There’s a reason we always root for the modest, self-effacing hero of the
movie rather than his cocky, brash antagonist. Nobody likes a narcissist—
except the narcissist. If we acknowledge our positive features and delight in
them, doesn’t that mean we’re egotists? And egotists are unlovable, aren’t
they? It’s a bit of a catch-22. If we admit good things about ourselves, it must
mean we’re bad, so we focus on what’s bad about ourselves in order to feel
good. Absurd, isn’t it? Yet we all do it.
So how do we celebrate our admirable qualities without falling into the
egotism trap? I believe the answer is still self-compassion, though in a
different guise. I like to call it “self-appreciation.” When we can enjoy what’s
good about ourselves, acknowledging that all people have strengths as well as
weaknesses, we allow ourselves to revel in our goodness without evoking
feelings of arrogance, superiority, or overconfidence. William James once
wrote that “the deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be
appreciated.” Luckily, we can meet our deep need to be appreciated without
depending on other people to approve of us. We can acknowledge our own
beauty. Not because we’re better than others, but because we are human
beings expressing the beautiful side of human nature.

Sympathetic Joy
In Buddhism, one of the foundations of well-being is mudita, which translates
as “sympathetic joy.” This state occurs when we are delighted by the good
qualities and circumstances of others. An understanding of sympathetic joy
can help us better grasp the meaning of self-appreciation, since the two are

closely related. The basic sentiment underlying sympathetic joy is kindness
and goodwill. If I am concerned for your well-being and want the best for
you, I will want you to succeed. I’ll be glad that you have gifts and talents
that help you be contented in life.
Typically, however, others’ good qualities tend to make us feel
inadequate. That woman is gorgeous so I must be ugly. He’s intelligent so I
must be stupid. The green-eyed monster causes us to suffer when others
shine, which means we suffer a lot. But what if we radically altered our
perceptions? What if we took pleasure in others’ accomplishments, felt
genuinely happy for them? This would increase our odds of feeling happy by
the number of people we have the opportunity to feel happy for. Given the
latest estimates of the world population, that’s about 6.8 billion percent!
An essential ingredient of sympathetic joy is the recognition of our
inherent connectedness. When we’re part of a larger whole, we can feel glad
whenever one of “us” has something to celebrate. I work at the University of
Texas at Austin, and we Austinites have serious college football fever.
Whenever the Longhorns win a big game, the entire city is elated. Of course,
as team supporters we don’t personally throw that winning touchdown. It’s
our sense of oneness with our team that allows us to delight in their success.
When we feel connected with others, we can fully revel in their glory. But
what would happen if we widened that sense of belonging to include all of
humanity, not just our local sports team? Then our side would always win.
We need to be aware of others’ positive qualities to fully appreciate them,
of course. If I take my husband’s intelligence, good looks, creativity, or sense
of humor for granted, that means I will stop being consciously aware of his
good characteristics. They will morph into the background of the assumed
and the expected. I must take note of his strengths and talents to fully
appreciate and acknowledge the amazing person he is. For this reason,
sympathetic joy also requires mindfulness.

The Roots of Self-Appreciation
When qualities of kindness, common humanity, and mindfulness are applied
toward the suffering of others, they manifest as compassion. When they’re
applied to our own suffering, they manifest as self-compassion. When they’re

directed toward others’ positive qualities, they manifest as mudita:
sympathetic joy. And when they’re directed toward our own positive
qualities, they manifest as self-appreciation.
Let’s first consider the quality of kindness as it applies to selfappreciation. Many of us focus much more on our weaknesses rather than on
our strengths. As discussed, we often belittle our positive features because it
feels too scary and uncomfortable to acknowledge them. If we are kind to
ourselves, however, we can rejoice in our good qualities. Isn’t it wonderful
that I’m a good father, a hard worker, a faithful friend, a committed
environmental activist? Aren’t my traits of honesty, patience, diligence,
creativity, sensuality, spirituality, and empathy something to be celebrated?
It’s a great gift of self-kindness to have appreciation for ourselves, and to
demonstrate our approval with sincere praise. We don’t have to speak this
praise aloud, making ourselves and others uncomfortable in the process. But
we can quietly give ourselves the inner acknowledgment we deserve—and
need.
The sense of common humanity inherent in self-appreciation means that
we appreciate ourselves not because we’re better than others, but because all
people have goodness in them. To appreciate others’ goodness while ignoring
or deprecating our own creates a false division between us and them. But as a
distinctive expression of the universal life force that animates all our
experience, we honor everything when we honor ourselves. As the Zen
master Thich Nhat Hahn writes, “You are a wonderful manifestation. The
whole universe has come together to make your existence possible.” If you
take the notion of interbeing seriously, then celebrating your achievements is
no more self-centered than having compassion for your failings. We can’t
really claim personal responsibility for our gifts and talents. They were born
from our ancestral gene pool, the love and nurturing of our parents, the
generosity of friends, the guidance of teachers, and the wisdom of our
collective culture. A unique nexus of causes and conditions went into
creating the ever-evolving person we are. Appreciation for our good qualities,
then, is really an expression of gratitude for all that has shaped us both as
individuals and as a species. Self-appreciation humbly honors all of creation.
Self-appreciation also requires mindfulness. Just as we need to notice
others’ good qualities in order to appreciate them, we need to consciously
acknowledge our own positive features. Given the discomfort that often

arises when we appreciate ourselves, however, we sometimes screen such
thoughts from our conscious awareness. We suppress our suspicions that
maybe we aren’t so bad after all, because we don’t know what to do with
these novel good feelings. Mindfulness allows us to approach things in a new
way, letting go of our habitual tendencies. One of the most powerful habits of
the mind, of course, is to focus on the negative rather than the positive, and
this tendency is no more apparent than when we think about ourselves. Our
instinct tells us to identify problems and fix them so that we can survive. This
means we often take our good qualities for granted while obsessing about our
weaknesses. If I could only lose fifteen pounds, she told herself over and over
again, blithely ignoring her youth, good health, intelligence, successful
career, and loving boyfriend. By adopting the intention to notice what’s good
about ourselves, though, we are able to counter this slide toward negativity.
Some may be concerned that if we focus too much on what’s right about
ourselves we’ll ignore much needed areas of growth. This is true only if our
focus is, in fact, “too much.” If we take a lopsided view of ourselves—“I am
perfect and have no flaws whatsoever”—that would certainly be a problem. I
don’t know why we so often fall into the trap of this kind of either/or
thinking, but it doesn’t serve us. Every human being has both positive and
negative traits. Rather than running away with an exaggerated story line
about either, good or bad, we instead need to honor and accept ourselves as
we authentically are. No better and no worse. The key is having balance and
perspective so that we can see ourselves without distortion. When the sun
rises we can appreciate our light, and when the sun sets we can have
compassion for our darkness.

Exercise One
Appreciating Yourself
List ten things about yourself that you really like or appreciate.
(These don’t have to be qualities you display all of the time, just
some of the time.) As you write down each quality, see if you can
notice any uncomfortable feelings—embarrassment, fear of vanity,
unfamiliarity? If discomfort comes up, remind yourself that you are

not claiming you’re better than anyone else, or that you’re perfect.
You’re simply noting the good qualities that you sometimes
display. Everyone has good features. See if you can acknowledge
and enjoy these positive aspects of yourself, lingering over them
and really taking them in.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.

Self-Appreciation Versus Self-Esteem
On the surface, self-appreciation and self-esteem may appear to be quite
similar. After all, they both involve an apparent focus on our good qualities,
don’t they? But though there are certainly many points of overlap between
self-appreciation and self-esteem, there are also some important ways in
which they differ. One key distinction centers on their acknowledgment of
the common human experience. Self-esteem tends to be predicated on
separation and comparison, on being better than others, and therefore special.
Self-appreciation, in contrast, is based on connectedness, on seeing our
similarities with others, recognizing that everyone has their strong points.
Another important distinction has to do with the tendency to define
ourselves as either good or bad. Remember that self-esteem is a judgment of
worthiness that operates at the level of representational self-concept. It
involves labeling ourselves in an attempt to capture our unique essence (I am
thin and wealthy, successful and beautiful, and so on). Self-esteem stems
from thoughts about who we are, rather than simply being who we are. This
is why it’s so important to paint a positive self-portrait in order to have high

self-esteem. Our self-concept becomes confused with our actual self. Selfappreciation, on the other hand, is not a judgment or label, nor does it define
us. It is a way of relating to what is good in us. It recognizes that we are an
ever-changing process that can never fully be defined—whether positively or
negatively. It does, however, acknowledge our moments of splendor.
There are always wonderful things to appreciate about ourselves, even if
they don’t make us unique. The fact that I can breathe, walk, eat, make love,
hug a friend—these are all magnificent abilities that are definitely to be
celebrated, despite the fact that just about everyone shares these abilities—
despite the fact that they are beautifully average. It’s usually only after
people lose one of these gifts that they realize how wondrous they actually
are. And when we can appreciate those aspects of ourselves that are unique,
it can be done in the context of recognizing our complex, interconnected
nature, not as a way of scoring points over our fellows.
With self-appreciation, we don’t need to put others down to feel good
about ourselves. I can appreciate my own achievements at the same time that
I recognize yours. I can rejoice in your talents while also celebrating my own.
Appreciation involves acknowledging the light in everyone, ourselves
included.

Appreciation for What’s Good in Our Lives
Although I’ve mainly been discussing the importance of appreciating our
personal qualities, appreciation can also be extended to our life circumstances
in general. Self-appreciation embraces all that is good and wholesome, both
internally and externally.
Because the same fears of vanity and egotism aren’t generated when we
acknowledge our favorable life conditions, we have fewer blocks to this form
of self-appreciation. It’s not nearly as challenging to appreciate what’s good
in our lives—our loving family, our supportive friends, our stable job—as it
is to appreciate ourselves. Having said that, because of the habitual tendency
of our minds to focus on the negative, we often take our good fortune for
granted. We get so caught up in problem solving and coping with the pain of
life that we give insufficient attention to that which gives us pleasure—and so
suffer more than we need to. As research is beginning to demonstrate,

however, appreciation can radically transform our experience.
In her book The How of Happiness, researcher Sonia Lyubomirsky notes
that positive life circumstances account for a surprisingly small slice of
happiness—explaining only about 10 percent. Even after a grand event like
winning the lottery, people tend to settle back to their previous levels of
(un)happiness after only a couple of years. For this reason, many
psychologists argue that we have a happiness “set point” that is largely
genetic. This is only part of the story, however. Research also shows that
people can boost their happiness levels significantly simply by changing the
way they relate to their lives. In other words, it’s not so much what happens
to you but your attitude toward what happens that matters. Lyubomirsky
finds that several key factors make a difference in terms of maximizing
happiness. Some of the most important are being grateful for what you have,
looking at the bright side of difficult situations, not comparing yourself to
others, practicing acts of kindness, being mindful, and savoring joy. All of
these factors fall nicely within the larger concept of self-appreciation, but
we’ll focus on two in particular: gratitude and savoring.

Gratitude and Savoring
GRATITUDE
Religion has long emphasized the value of gratitude in daily life, typically in
the form of giving thanks in prayer. Consider this passage from the Bible’s
book of Psalms. “Give thanks to Him who spread the earth above the water,
who made the heavenly lights, who made the sun to rule by day and the moon
and stars to rule by night. For His loving-kindness is ever-lasting” (Psalms
136: 5–9, American Standard Version). Prayers such as these focus attention
on celebrating the beauty and wonder of creation. Gratitude pulses at the core
of most religions and is considered an important gateway to spiritual
fulfillment.
Robert Emmons, one of the foremost researchers on gratitude, has found
strong support for the notion that gratitude leads directly to happiness. He
defines gratitude as recognizing and acknowledging the gifts we are given,
either by other people, God, or by life itself. Studies show that grateful
individuals tend to feel more happy, hopeful, vital, and satisfied with their

lives, while being less materialistic and envious of others’ success. Luckily,
research also suggests that gratitude is something that can be learned.
In one study, for instance, researchers asked a group of undergraduate
students to give weekly reports on their current life experience over a period
of ten weeks. Students were randomly assigned to three different groups.
Individuals in Group A had to write about things they felt grateful for (e.g.,
“the generosity of friends,” “wonderful parents,” “the Rolling Stones”).
Group B students were asked to write about things they found annoying or
irritating (e.g., “finding parking,” “messy kitchen no one will clean,” “stupid
people driving”). Group C was a control group; students in this group were
simply asked to write about anything that affected them that week, without
specifying whether the impact was positive or negative (e.g., “cleaned out my
shoe closet”). The researchers found that people in the gratitude group were
not only happier than the others, they also reported fewer symptoms of illness
and exercised more often than those in the other two conditions. It appears
that gratitude changes both our emotional and physical experience for the
better.

Exercise Two
Keeping a Gratitude Journal
Research suggests that keeping a daily gratitude journal is one of
the best and most reliable ways to increase happiness. You may
want to choose a special notebook for your journal, one that
provides a sense of beauty and reverence. It doesn’t really matter,
however; there’s no right way to do it. What’s important is that you
set aside a specified time to write about the gifts, kindnesses,
pleasant surprises, and good moments of each day, as well as the
things that give you joy in life more generally.
Make sure you continually try to find new things to be grateful
for. Your friends, family, and loved ones will probably be regulars,
but don’t let the exercise become stale or repetitive. What gifts
have you enjoyed that you perhaps took for granted the day before?
Sunshine, the rule of law, indoor plumbing? The amazing things

that allow us to lead our incredibly leisure-filled lives are endless.
It also helps to be as specific as possible about what we’re
grateful for, to make it more real and concrete. For instance, instead
of saying “I’m grateful for my cat” try “I’m grateful for the way my
cat purrs and rubs up against my leg, making me feel loved.”
After a relatively short time, keeping a gratitude journal can
make a substantial contribution to your level of happiness. Yet
another thing to be grateful for!
SAVORING
The practice of savoring is closely related to gratitude. Savoring refers to the
conscious enjoyment of that which gives us pleasure; that is, lingering over
delightful experiences, swishing them around in our awareness like a glass of
good wine. We often think of savoring in terms of a sensual experience:
noticing the subtle taste and aroma of our food rather than merely wolfing it
down. Smelling, tasting, and caressing our lover’s skin rather than merely
“doing the deed.” But savoring can be applied to all enjoyable experiences—
reveling in the lovely sound of a friend’s laughter, the beauty of a fallen leaf,
the satisfying depth and complexity of a well-written novel.
When we savor an experience, we hold it in mindful awareness, paying
conscious attention to the pleasant thoughts, sensations, and emotions arising
in the present moment. We can also savor delightful memories, so that we
relive joyous experiences and appreciate them all over again—like the day
we met our life partner, or first held our newborn child, or took that romantic
trip to Prague. Savoring is an intentional act designed to prolong and deepen
pleasure, luxuriating in its beauty.

Exercise Three
Savor the Moment
Pick a food or drink that you find particularly tasty. It could be a
piece of dark chocolate, a slice of hot pizza, lobster with butter, a
cup of Earl Grey tea, a glass of fine champagne—whatever food or
drink reliably gives you pleasure.

As you eat or drink the item, try to savor it as much as possible.
Notice all your senses. How does it taste? What subtle flavors are
there? Sweet, bitter, salty? How does it smell? What aromas can
you detect? How does it feel as you hold it, chew it, swallow it?
What textures does it have? How does it look? Does it have
interesting colors, or does it catch the light in a particular way?
How does it sound? (Okay, this one might be easier if you chose
the champagne, but you might notice a satisfying crunch or sizzle .
. .) Slow down and fully dive into all the pleasurable sensations of
your delicious treat, savoring each sensation fully.
Next, notice how it feels to experience pleasure itself. Do you
feel little bubbles of happiness in your throat, a warm feeling in
your chest, tingling in your nose? Enjoy the sensation of pleasure
as long as possible, and when it fades, let it go. Then take a
moment to give thanks and appreciation to one of the great gifts of
life—food and drink!
Psychologists have begun to examine the effect of savoring on wellbeing. Studies indicate that people who are able to savor the pleasant aspects
of their lives are happier and less depressed than those who don’t. In one
study, for instance, people were asked to take a twenty-minute walk once a
day for a week. Participants were randomly assigned to one of three
conditions. One condition involved a “positive focus” group in which people
were instructed to consciously acknowledge as many pleasant things as
possible—flowers, sunshine, and so on—and think about what made these
things enjoyable. (The pleasure-walk exercise in chapter 12 was inspired by
this study.) Another condition involved a “negative focus” group that was
instructed to notice as many unpleasant things as possible—trash, traffic
noise, and so on—and think about what made these things so disagreeable.
The third condition was a control group that was simply told to “go for a
walk” with no specific instructions. The people who were asked to savor their
positive experiences were significantly happier after the walk compared with
the other groups. In follow-up interviews, they also said that they felt a
greater sense of appreciation for the world around them.
By simply taking the time to notice and savor the everyday things that
give us pleasure, we can dramatically intensify our experience of joy.

The Gift That Keeps on Giving
Self-appreciation allows us to revel in what’s positive about ourselves and
our lives. And the amazing thing is that nothing special or out of the ordinary
has to happen in order to tap into this wellspring of good feeling. Good
feeling can be refreshingly, wonderfully average. You don’t need to have
something new occur in order to stop and smell the roses. You just need to
pay attention to what’s in front of your nose. Rather than wandering around
in problem-solving mode all day, thinking mainly of what you want to fix
about yourself or your life, you can pause for a few moments throughout the
day to marvel at what’s not broken.
You can feel how amazing it is to have a body pulsing with life right now
as you read these words. You can consider the wondrous fact that by looking
at a few squiggles on a page, you are able to receive and retain the
transmission of ideas. Even though you and I have never met, our minds can
communicate, all through the sheer power of the written word. Remarkable!
You can feel the soft coolness of your breath as it enters and exits your
nostrils, fully appreciating the usually-taken-for-granted process that makes
your life possible. The wonder of normal day-to-day existence far surpasses
our ability to take it all in, but by appreciating it even just a little, we’re
capable of increasing our happiness to a truly extraordinary degree. As noted
by the French writer de la Rochefoucauld, “Happiness does not consist in
things themselves but in the relish we have of them.”
Self-appreciation is a gift that’s there for the taking. All people have
aspects of themselves and their lives that are worthy of being appreciated.
The good and beautiful is all around us. And within us. Splendor is a human
quality and belongs to us all.

Conclusion
Self-appreciation and self-compassion are really two sides of the same coin.
One is focused on what brings us pleasure, the other on what brings us
suffering. One celebrates our strengths as humans, the other accepts our
weaknesses. What really matters is that our hearts and minds are open. Rather
than continually evaluating, comparing, resisting, obsessing, and distorting—

we simply open. Open to seeing ourselves and our lives exactly as they are,
in all their glory and ignominy. Open to the love of all creation, ourselves
included, without exception.
As we walk through the triumphs and tragedies of our lives, we relate to
everything with kindness. We feel our interconnectedness with everyone and
everything. We become aware of the present moment without judgment. We
experience the full spectrum of life without needing to change it.
We don’t need to be perfect to feel good about ourselves, and our lives
don’t need to be any certain way for us to be content. Every one of us has the
capacity for resilience, growth, and happiness, simply by relating to our everarising experience with both compassion and appreciation. And if you feel
you can’t change, that it’s too hard, that the countervailing forces of our
culture are too strong, then have compassion for that feeling and start from
there. Each new moment presents an opportunity for a radically different way
of being. We can embrace both the joy and the sorrow of being human, and
by doing so we can transform our lives.
